about formats
about generate
about howtohelp
about
about more
about notes
about phpversions
about prototypes
about translations
aliases
apache configuration
apache constants
apache installation
apache requirements
apache resources
apache setup
apc configuration
apc constants
apc installation
apc requirements
apc resources
apc setup
apciterator construct
apciterator current
apciterator gettotalcount
apciterator gettotalhits
apciterator gettotalsize
apciterator key
apciterator next
apciterator rewind
apciterator valid
apcu configuration
apcu constants
apcu installation
apcu requirements
apcu resources
apcu setup
apcuiterator construct
apcuiterator current
apcuiterator gettotalcount
apcuiterator gettotalhits
apcuiterator gettotalsize
apcuiterator key
apcuiterator next
apcuiterator rewind
apcuiterator valid
apd configuration
apd constants
apd examples
apd examples usage
apd installation
apd installwin32
apd requirements
apd resources
apd setup
appendices
appenditerator append
appenditerator construct
appenditerator current
appenditerator getarrayiterator
appenditerator getinneriterator
appenditerator getiteratorindex
appenditerator key
appenditerator next
appenditerator rewind
appenditerator valid
array configuration
array constants
array installation
array requirements
array resources
array setup
array sorting
arrayaccess offsetexists
arrayaccess offsetget
arrayaccess offsetset
arrayaccess offsetunset
arrayiterator append
arrayiterator asort
arrayiterator construct
arrayiterator count
arrayiterator current
arrayiterator getarraycopy
arrayiterator getflags
arrayiterator key
arrayiterator ksort
arrayiterator natcasesort
arrayiterator natsort
arrayiterator next
arrayiterator offsetexists
arrayiterator offsetget
arrayiterator offsetset
arrayiterator offsetunset
arrayiterator rewind
arrayiterator seek
arrayiterator serialize
arrayiterator setflags
arrayiterator uasort
arrayiterator uksort
arrayiterator unserialize
arrayiterator valid
arrayobject append
arrayobject asort
arrayobject construct
arrayobject count
arrayobject exchangearray
arrayobject getarraycopy
arrayobject getflags
arrayobject getiterator
arrayobject getiteratorclass
arrayobject ksort
arrayobject natcasesort
arrayobject natsort
arrayobject offsetexists
arrayobject offsetget
arrayobject offsetset
arrayobject offsetunset
arrayobject serialize
arrayobject setflags
arrayobject setiteratorclass
arrayobject uasort
arrayobject uksort
arrayobject unserialize
audioproperties getbitrate
audioproperties getchannels
audioproperties getlayer
audioproperties getlength
audioproperties getsamplebitrate
audioproperties getversion
audioproperties iscopyrighted
audioproperties isoriginal
audioproperties isprotectionenabled
bbcode configuration
bbcode constants
bbcode installation
bbcode requirements
bbcode resources
bbcode setup
bc configuration
bc constants
bc installation
bc requirements
bc resources
bc setup
bcompiler configuration
bcompiler constants
bcompiler installation
bcompiler requirements
bcompiler resources
bcompiler setup
blenc configuration
blenc constants
blenc installation
blenc requirements
blenc resources
blenc setup
book apache
book apc
book apcu
book apd
book array
book bbcode
book bc
book bcompiler
book blenc
book bson
book bzip2
book cairo
book calendar
book chdb
book classkit
book classobj
book cmark
book com
book componere
book crack
book csprng
book ctype
book cubrid
book curl
book cyrus
book datetime
book dba
book dbase
book dbplus
book dbx
book dio
book dir
book dom
book ds
book eio
book enchant
book errorfunc
book ev
book event
book exec
book exif
book expect
book fam
book fann
book fbsql
book fdf
book fileinfo
book filepro
book filesystem
book filter
book fpm
book fribidi
book ftp
book funchand
book gearman
book gender
book geoip
book gettext
book gmagick
book gmp
book gnupg
book gupnp
book haru
book hash
book hrtime
book htscanner
book hwapi
book ibase
book ibm_db2
book iconv
book id3
book ifx
book iisfunc
book image
book imagick
book imap
book inclued
book info
book ingres
book inotify
book intl
book json
book judy
book kadm5
book ktaglib
book lapack
book ldap
book libevent
book libxml
book lua
book lzf
book mail
book mailparse
book math
book maxdb
book mbstring
book mcrypt
book mcve
book memcache
book memcached
book memtrack
book mhash
book mime_magic
book ming
book misc
book mnogosearch
book mongo
book mongodb
book mqseries
book msession
book msql
book mssql
book mysql_xdevapi
book mysql
book mysqli
book mysqlnd_memcache
book mysqlnd_ms
book mysqlnd_mux
book mysqlnd_qc
book mysqlnd_uh
book mysqlnd
book ncurses
book net_gopher
book network
book newt
book nis
book nsapi
book oauth
book oci8
book oggvorbis
book opcache
book openal
book openssl
book outcontrol
book paradox
book parle
book parsekit
book password
book pcntl
book pcre
book pdf
book pdo
book pgsql
book phar
book phdfs
book phpdbg
book pht
book posix
book proctitle
book ps
book pspell
book pthreads
book quickhash
book radius
book rar
book readline
book recode
book reflection
book regex
book rpmreader
book rrd
book runkit
book sam
book sca
book scream
book sdo_das_xml
book sdo
book sdodasrel
book seaslog
book sem
book session_pgsql
book session
book shmop
book simplexml
book snmp
book soap
book sockets
book sodium
book solr
book sphinx
book spl_types
book spl
book sqlite
book sqlite3
book sqlsrv
book ssdeep
book ssh2
book stats
book stomp
book stream
book strings
book svm
book svn
book swish
book swoole
book sybase
book sync
book taint
book tcpwrap
book tidy
book tokenizer
book tokyo_tyrant
book trader
book ui
book uodbc
book uopz
book url
book v8js
book var
book varnish
book vpopmail
book wddx
book weakref
book win32ps
book win32service
book wincache
book wkhtmltox
book xattr
book xdiff
book xhprof
book xlswriter
book xml
book xmldiff
book xmlreader
book xmlrpc
book xmlwriter
book xsl
book yaconf
book yaf
book yaml
book yar
book yaz
book zip
book zlib
book zmq
book zookeeper
bzip2 configuration
bzip2 constants
bzip2 examples
bzip2 installation
bzip2 requirements
bzip2 resources
bzip2 setup
cachingiterator construct
cachingiterator count
cachingiterator current
cachingiterator getcache
cachingiterator getflags
cachingiterator getinneriterator
cachingiterator hasnext
cachingiterator key
cachingiterator next
cachingiterator offsetexists
cachingiterator offsetget
cachingiterator offsetset
cachingiterator offsetunset
cachingiterator rewind
cachingiterator setflags
cachingiterator tostring
cachingiterator valid
cairo availablefonts
cairo availablesurfaces
cairo configuration
cairo constants
cairo examples
cairo installation
cairo requirements
cairo resources
cairo setup
cairo statustostring
cairo version
cairo versionstring
cairocontext appendpath
cairocontext arc
cairocontext arcnegative
cairocontext clip
cairocontext clipextents
cairocontext clippreserve
cairocontext cliprectanglelist
cairocontext closepath
cairocontext construct
cairocontext copypage
cairocontext copypath
cairocontext copypathflat
cairocontext curveto
cairocontext devicetouser
cairocontext devicetouserdistance
cairocontext fill
cairocontext fillextents
cairocontext fillpreserve
cairocontext fontextents
cairocontext getantialias
cairocontext getcurrentpoint
cairocontext getdash
cairocontext getdashcount
cairocontext getfillrule
cairocontext getfontface
cairocontext getfontmatrix
cairocontext getfontoptions
cairocontext getgrouptarget
cairocontext getlinecap
cairocontext getlinejoin
cairocontext getlinewidth
cairocontext getmatrix
cairocontext getmiterlimit
cairocontext getoperator
cairocontext getscaledfont
cairocontext getsource
cairocontext gettarget
cairocontext gettolerance
cairocontext glyphpath
cairocontext hascurrentpoint
cairocontext identitymatrix
cairocontext infill
cairocontext instroke
cairocontext lineto
cairocontext mask
cairocontext masksurface
cairocontext moveto
cairocontext newpath
cairocontext newsubpath
cairocontext paint
cairocontext paintwithalpha
cairocontext pathextents
cairocontext popgroup
cairocontext popgrouptosource
cairocontext pushgroup
cairocontext pushgroupwithcontent
cairocontext rectangle
cairocontext relcurveto
cairocontext rellineto
cairocontext relmoveto
cairocontext resetclip
cairocontext restore
cairocontext rotate
cairocontext save
cairocontext scale
cairocontext selectfontface
cairocontext setantialias
cairocontext setdash
cairocontext setfillrule
cairocontext setfontface
cairocontext setfontmatrix
cairocontext setfontoptions
cairocontext setfontsize
cairocontext setlinecap
cairocontext setlinejoin
cairocontext setlinewidth
cairocontext setmatrix
cairocontext setmiterlimit
cairocontext setoperator
cairocontext setscaledfont
cairocontext setsource
cairocontext setsourcergb
cairocontext setsourcergba
cairocontext setsourcesurface
cairocontext settolerance
cairocontext showpage
cairocontext showtext
cairocontext status
cairocontext stroke
cairocontext strokeextents
cairocontext strokepreserve
cairocontext textextents
cairocontext textpath
cairocontext transform
cairocontext translate
cairocontext usertodevice
cairocontext usertodevicedistance
cairofontface construct
cairofontface gettype
cairofontface status
cairofontoptions construct
cairofontoptions equal
cairofontoptions getantialias
cairofontoptions gethintmetrics
cairofontoptions gethintstyle
cairofontoptions getsubpixelorder
cairofontoptions hash
cairofontoptions merge
cairofontoptions setantialias
cairofontoptions sethintmetrics
cairofontoptions sethintstyle
cairofontoptions setsubpixelorder
cairofontoptions status
cairoformat strideforwidth
cairogradientpattern addcolorstoprgb
cairogradientpattern addcolorstoprgba
cairogradientpattern getcolorstopcount
cairogradientpattern getcolorstoprgba
cairogradientpattern getextend
cairogradientpattern setextend
cairoimagesurface construct
cairoimagesurface createfordata
cairoimagesurface createfrompng
cairoimagesurface getdata
cairoimagesurface getformat
cairoimagesurface getheight
cairoimagesurface getstride
cairoimagesurface getwidth
cairolineargradient construct
cairolineargradient getpoints
cairomatrix construct
cairomatrix initidentity
cairomatrix initrotate
cairomatrix initscale
cairomatrix inittranslate
cairomatrix invert
cairomatrix multiply
cairomatrix rotate
cairomatrix scale
cairomatrix transformdistance
cairomatrix transformpoint
cairomatrix translate
cairopattern construct
cairopattern getmatrix
cairopattern gettype
cairopattern setmatrix
cairopattern status
cairopdfsurface construct
cairopdfsurface setsize
cairopssurface construct
cairopssurface dscbeginpagesetup
cairopssurface dscbeginsetup
cairopssurface dsccomment
cairopssurface geteps
cairopssurface getlevels
cairopssurface leveltostring
cairopssurface restricttolevel
cairopssurface seteps
cairopssurface setsize
cairoradialgradient construct
cairoradialgradient getcircles
cairoscaledfont construct
cairoscaledfont extents
cairoscaledfont getctm
cairoscaledfont getfontface
cairoscaledfont getfontmatrix
cairoscaledfont getfontoptions
cairoscaledfont getscalematrix
cairoscaledfont gettype
cairoscaledfont glyphextents
cairoscaledfont status
cairoscaledfont textextents
cairosolidpattern construct
cairosolidpattern getrgba
cairosurface construct
cairosurface copypage
cairosurface createsimilar
cairosurface finish
cairosurface flush
cairosurface getcontent
cairosurface getdeviceoffset
cairosurface getfontoptions
cairosurface gettype
cairosurface markdirty
cairosurface markdirtyrectangle
cairosurface setdeviceoffset
cairosurface setfallbackresolution
cairosurface showpage
cairosurface status
cairosurface writetopng
cairosurfacepattern construct
cairosurfacepattern getextend
cairosurfacepattern getfilter
cairosurfacepattern getsurface
cairosurfacepattern setextend
cairosurfacepattern setfilter
cairosvgsurface construct
cairosvgsurface getversions
cairosvgsurface restricttoversion
cairosvgsurface versiontostring
calendar configuration
calendar constants
calendar installation
calendar requirements
calendar resources
calendar setup
callbackfilteriterator accept
callbackfilteriterator construct
cc license
changelog misc
changelog mongo
changelog mysql
changelog mysqli
changelog strings
chdb configuration
chdb constants
chdb construct
chdb examples
chdb get
chdb installation
chdb requirements
chdb resources
chdb setup
class OCI_Collection
class OCI_Lob
class apciterator
class apcuiterator
class appenditerator
class argumentcounterror
class arithmeticerror
class arrayaccess
class arrayiterator
class arrayobject
class assertionerror
class badfunctioncallexception
class badmethodcallexception
class cachingiterator
class cairo
class cairoantialias
class cairocontent
class cairocontext
class cairoexception
class cairoextend
class cairofillrule
class cairofilter
class cairofontface
class cairofontoptions
class cairofontslant
class cairofonttype
class cairofontweight
class cairoformat
class cairogradientpattern
class cairohintmetrics
class cairohintstyle
class cairoimagesurface
class cairolineargradient
class cairolinecap
class cairolinejoin
class cairomatrix
class cairooperator
class cairopath
class cairopattern
class cairopatterntype
class cairopdfsurface
class cairopslevel
class cairopssurface
class cairoradialgradient
class cairoscaledfont
class cairosolidpattern
class cairostatus
class cairosubpixelorder
class cairosurface
class cairosurfacepattern
class cairosurfacetype
class cairosvgsurface
class cairosvgversion
class cairotoyfontface
class callbackfilteriterator
class chdb
class closure
class collator
class collectable
class com
class commonmark_cql
class commonmark_interfaces_ivisitable
class commonmark_interfaces_ivisitor
class commonmark_node_blockquote
class commonmark_node_bulletlist
class commonmark_node_code
class commonmark_node_codeblock
class commonmark_node_customblock
class commonmark_node_custominline
class commonmark_node_document
class commonmark_node_heading
class commonmark_node_htmlblock
class commonmark_node_htmlinline
class commonmark_node_image
class commonmark_node_item
class commonmark_node_linebreak
class commonmark_node_link
class commonmark_node_orderedlist
class commonmark_node_paragraph
class commonmark_node_softbreak
class commonmark_node_text_emphasis
class commonmark_node_text_strong
class commonmark_node_text
class commonmark_node_thematicbreak
class commonmark_node
class commonmark_parser
class componere_abstract_definition
class componere_definition
class componere_method
class componere_patch
class componere_value
class cond
class countable
class curlfile
class dateinterval
class dateperiod
class datetime
class datetimeimmutable
class datetimeinterface
class datetimezone
class directory
class directoryiterator
class divisionbyzeroerror
class domainexception
class domattr
class domcdatasection
class domcharacterdata
class domcomment
class domdocument
class domdocumentfragment
class domdocumenttype
class domelement
class domentity
class domentityreference
class domexception
class domimplementation
class domnamednodemap
class domnode
class domnodelist
class domnotation
class domprocessinginstruction
class domtext
class domxpath
class dotnet
class ds_collection
class ds_deque
class ds_hashable
class ds_map
class ds_pair
class ds_priorityqueue
class ds_queue
class ds_sequence
class ds_set
class ds_stack
class ds_vector
class emptyiterator
class error
class errorexception
class ev
class evcheck
class evchild
class evembed
class event
class eventbase
class eventbuffer
class eventbufferevent
class eventconfig
class eventdnsbase
class eventhttp
class eventhttpconnection
class eventhttprequest
class eventlistener
class eventsslcontext
class eventutil
class evfork
class evidle
class evio
class evloop
class evperiodic
class evprepare
class evsignal
class evstat
class evtimer
class evwatcher
class exception
class fannconnection
class filesystemiterator
class filteriterator
class finfo
class gearmanclient
class gearmanexception
class gearmanjob
class gearmantask
class gearmanworker
class gender
class generator
class globiterator
class gmagick
class gmagickdraw
class gmagickpixel
class gmp
class haruannotation
class harudestination
class harudoc
class haruencoder
class haruexception
class harufont
class haruimage
class haruoutline
class harupage
class hashcontext
class hrtime_performancecounter
class hrtime_stopwatch
class hrtime_unit
class imagick
class imagickdraw
class imagickkernel
class imagickpixel
class imagickpixeliterator
class infiniteiterator
class intlbreakiterator
class intlcalendar
class intlchar
class intlcodepointbreakiterator
class intldateformatter
class intlexception
class intliterator
class intlpartsiterator
class intlrulebasedbreakiterator
class intltimezone
class invalidargumentexception
class iterator
class iteratoraggregate
class iteratoriterator
class jsonserializable
class judy
class ktaglib_id3v2_attachedpictureframe
class ktaglib_id3v2_frame
class ktaglib_id3v2_tag
class ktaglib_mpeg_audioproperties
class ktaglib_mpeg_file
class ktaglib_tag
class lapack
class lapackexception
class lengthexception
class libxmlerror
class limititerator
class locale
class logicexception
class lua
class luaclosure
class memcache
class memcached
class memcachedexception
class messageformatter
class mongo
class mongobindata
class mongoclient
class mongocode
class mongocollection
class mongocommandcursor
class mongoconnectionexception
class mongocursor
class mongocursorexception
class mongocursorinterface
class mongocursortimeoutexception
class mongodate
class mongodb_bson_binary
class mongodb_bson_binaryinterface
class mongodb_bson_dbpointer
class mongodb_bson_decimal128
class mongodb_bson_decimal128interface
class mongodb_bson_int64
class mongodb_bson_javascript
class mongodb_bson_javascriptinterface
class mongodb_bson_maxkey
class mongodb_bson_maxkeyinterface
class mongodb_bson_minkey
class mongodb_bson_minkeyinterface
class mongodb_bson_objectid
class mongodb_bson_objectidinterface
class mongodb_bson_persistable
class mongodb_bson_regex
class mongodb_bson_regexinterface
class mongodb_bson_serializable
class mongodb_bson_symbol
class mongodb_bson_timestamp
class mongodb_bson_timestampinterface
class mongodb_bson_type
class mongodb_bson_undefined
class mongodb_bson_unserializable
class mongodb_bson_utcdatetime
class mongodb_bson_utcdatetimeinterface
class mongodb_driver_bulkwrite
class mongodb_driver_command
class mongodb_driver_cursor
class mongodb_driver_cursorid
class mongodb_driver_exception_authenticationexception
class mongodb_driver_exception_bulkwriteexception
class mongodb_driver_exception_commandexception
class mongodb_driver_exception_connectionexception
class mongodb_driver_exception_connectiontimeoutexception
class mongodb_driver_exception_exception
class mongodb_driver_exception_executiontimeoutexception
class mongodb_driver_exception_invalidargumentexception
class mongodb_driver_exception_logicexception
class mongodb_driver_exception_runtimeexception
class mongodb_driver_exception_serverexception
class mongodb_driver_exception_sslconnectionexception
class mongodb_driver_exception_unexpectedvalueexception
class mongodb_driver_exception_writeexception
class mongodb_driver_manager
class mongodb_driver_monitoring_commandfailedevent
class mongodb_driver_monitoring_commandstartedevent
class mongodb_driver_monitoring_commandsubscriber
class mongodb_driver_monitoring_commandsucceededevent
class mongodb_driver_monitoring_subscriber
class mongodb_driver_query
class mongodb_driver_readconcern
class mongodb_driver_readpreference
class mongodb_driver_server
class mongodb_driver_session
class mongodb_driver_writeconcern
class mongodb_driver_writeconcernerror
class mongodb_driver_writeerror
class mongodb_driver_writeresult
class mongodb
class mongodbref
class mongodeletebatch
class mongoduplicatekeyexception
class mongoexception
class mongoexecutiontimeoutexception
class mongogridfs
class mongogridfscursor
class mongogridfsexception
class mongogridfsfile
class mongoid
class mongoinsertbatch
class mongoint32
class mongoint64
class mongolog
class mongomaxkey
class mongominkey
class mongopool
class mongoprotocolexception
class mongoregex
class mongoresultexception
class mongotimestamp
class mongoupdatebatch
class mongowritebatch
class mongowriteconcernexception
class multipleiterator
class mutex
class mysql_xdevapi_baseresult
class mysql_xdevapi_collection
class mysql_xdevapi_collectionadd
class mysql_xdevapi_collectionfind
class mysql_xdevapi_collectionmodify
class mysql_xdevapi_collectionremove
class mysql_xdevapi_columnresult
class mysql_xdevapi_crudoperationbindable
class mysql_xdevapi_crudoperationlimitable
class mysql_xdevapi_crudoperationskippable
class mysql_xdevapi_crudoperationsortable
class mysql_xdevapi_databaseobject
class mysql_xdevapi_docresult
class mysql_xdevapi_driver
class mysql_xdevapi_exception
class mysql_xdevapi_executable
class mysql_xdevapi_executionstatus
class mysql_xdevapi_expression
class mysql_xdevapi_fieldmetadata
class mysql_xdevapi_result
class mysql_xdevapi_rowresult
class mysql_xdevapi_schema
class mysql_xdevapi_schemaobject
class mysql_xdevapi_session
class mysql_xdevapi_sqlstatement
class mysql_xdevapi_sqlstatementresult
class mysql_xdevapi_statement
class mysql_xdevapi_table
class mysql_xdevapi_tabledelete
class mysql_xdevapi_tableinsert
class mysql_xdevapi_tableselect
class mysql_xdevapi_tableupdate
class mysql_xdevapi_warning
class mysql_xdevapi_xsession
class mysqli_driver
class mysqli_result
class mysqli_sql_exception
class mysqli_stmt
class mysqli_warning
class mysqli
class mysqlnduhconnection
class mysqlnduhpreparedstatement
class norewinditerator
class normalizer
class numberformatter
class oauth
class oauthexception
class oauthprovider
class outeriterator
class outofboundsexception
class outofrangeexception
class overflowexception
class parentiterator
class parle_errorinfo
class parle_lexer
class parle_lexerexception
class parle_parser
class parle_parserexception
class parle_rlexer
class parle_rparser
class parle_stack
class parle_token
class parseerror
class pdo
class pdoexception
class pdostatement
class phar
class phardata
class pharexception
class pharfileinfo
class phdfs
class php_user_filter
class pht_atomicinteger
class pht_hashtable
class pht_queue
class pht_runnable
class pht_thread
class pht_threaded
class pht_vector
class pool
class quickhashinthash
class quickhashintset
class quickhashintstringhash
class quickhashstringinthash
class rangeexception
class rararchive
class rarentry
class rarexception
class recursivearrayiterator
class recursivecachingiterator
class recursivecallbackfilteriterator
class recursivedirectoryiterator
class recursivefilteriterator
class recursiveiterator
class recursiveiteratoriterator
class recursiveregexiterator
class recursivetreeiterator
class reflection
class reflectionclass
class reflectionclassconstant
class reflectionexception
class reflectionextension
class reflectionfunction
class reflectionfunctionabstract
class reflectiongenerator
class reflectionmethod
class reflectionobject
class reflectionparameter
class reflectionproperty
class reflectiontype
class reflectionzendextension
class reflector
class regexiterator
class resourcebundle
class rrdcreator
class rrdgraph
class rrdupdater
class runtimeexception
class seaslog
class seekableiterator
class serializable
class sessionhandler
class sessionhandlerinterface
class sessionidinterface
class sessionupdatetimestamphandlerinterface
class simplexmlelement
class simplexmliterator
class snmp
class snmpexception
class soapclient
class soapfault
class soapheader
class soapparam
class soapserver
class soapvar
class solrclient
class solrclientexception
class solrcollapsefunction
class solrdismaxquery
class solrdocument
class solrdocumentfield
class solrexception
class solrgenericresponse
class solrillegalargumentexception
class solrillegaloperationexception
class solrinputdocument
class solrmissingmandatoryparameterexception
class solrmodifiableparams
class solrobject
class solrparams
class solrpingresponse
class solrquery
class solrqueryresponse
class solrresponse
class solrserverexception
class solrupdateresponse
class solrutils
class sphinxclient
class splbool
class spldoublylinkedlist
class splenum
class splfileinfo
class splfileobject
class splfixedarray
class splfloat
class splheap
class splint
class splmaxheap
class splminheap
class splobjectstorage
class splobserver
class splpriorityqueue
class splqueue
class splstack
class splstring
class splsubject
class spltempfileobject
class spltype
class spoofchecker
class sqlite3
class sqlite3result
class sqlite3stmt
class stomp
class stompexception
class stompframe
class streamwrapper
class svm
class svmmodel
class swfaction
class swfbitmap
class swfbutton
class swfdisplayitem
class swffill
class swffont
class swffontchar
class swfgradient
class swfmorph
class swfmovie
class swfprebuiltclip
class swfshape
class swfsound
class swfsoundinstance
class swfsprite
class swftext
class swftextfield
class swfvideostream
class swoole_async
class swoole_atomic
class swoole_buffer
class swoole_channel
class swoole_client
class swoole_connection_iterator
class swoole_coroutine
class swoole_event
class swoole_exception
class swoole_http_client
class swoole_http_request
class swoole_http_response
class swoole_http_server
class swoole_lock
class swoole_mmap
class swoole_mysql_exception
class swoole_mysql
class swoole_process
class swoole_redis_server
class swoole_serialize
class swoole_server
class swoole_table
class swoole_timer
class swoole_websocket_frame
class swoole_websocket_server
class syncevent
class syncmutex
class syncreaderwriter
class syncsemaphore
class syncsharedmemory
class thread
class threaded
class throwable
class tidy
class tidynode
class tokyotyrant
class tokyotyrantexception
class tokyotyrantiterator
class tokyotyrantquery
class tokyotyranttable
class transliterator
class traversable
class typeerror
class uconverter
class ui_area
class ui_control
class ui_controls_box
class ui_controls_button
class ui_controls_check
class ui_controls_colorbutton
class ui_controls_combo
class ui_controls_editablecombo
class ui_controls_entry
class ui_controls_form
class ui_controls_grid
class ui_controls_group
class ui_controls_label
class ui_controls_multilineentry
class ui_controls_picker
class ui_controls_progress
class ui_controls_radio
class ui_controls_separator
class ui_controls_slider
class ui_controls_spin
class ui_controls_tab
class ui_draw_brush_gradient
class ui_draw_brush_lineargradient
class ui_draw_brush_radialgradient
class ui_draw_brush
class ui_draw_color
class ui_draw_line_cap
class ui_draw_line_join
class ui_draw_matrix
class ui_draw_path
class ui_draw_pen
class ui_draw_stroke
class ui_draw_text_font_descriptor
class ui_draw_text_font_italic
class ui_draw_text_font_stretch
class ui_draw_text_font_weight
class ui_draw_text_font
class ui_draw_text_layout
class ui_exception_invalidargumentexception
class ui_exception_runtimeexception
class ui_executor
class ui_key
class ui_menu
class ui_menuitem
class ui_point
class ui_size
class ui_window
class underflowexception
class unexpectedvalueexception
class v8js
class v8jsexception
class variant
class varnishadmin
class varnishlog
class varnishstat
class vtiful_kernel_excel
class vtiful_kernel_format
class weakmap
class weakref
class wkhtmltox_image_converter
class wkhtmltox_pdf_converter
class wkhtmltox_pdf_object
class worker
class xmldiff_base
class xmldiff_dom
class xmldiff_file
class xmldiff_memory
class xmlreader
class xsltprocessor
class yaconf
class yaf_action_abstract
class yaf_application
class yaf_bootstrap_abstract
class yaf_config_abstract
class yaf_config_ini
class yaf_config_simple
class yaf_controller_abstract
class yaf_dispatcher
class yaf_exception_dispatchfailed
class yaf_exception_loadfailed_action
class yaf_exception_loadfailed_controller
class yaf_exception_loadfailed_module
class yaf_exception_loadfailed_view
class yaf_exception_loadfailed
class yaf_exception_routerfailed
class yaf_exception_startuperror
class yaf_exception_typeerror
class yaf_exception
class yaf_loader
class yaf_plugin_abstract
class yaf_registry
class yaf_request_abstract
class yaf_request_http
class yaf_request_simple
class yaf_response_abstract
class yaf_route_interface
class yaf_route_map
class yaf_route_regex
class yaf_route_rewrite
class yaf_route_simple
class yaf_route_static
class yaf_route_supervar
class yaf_router
class yaf_session
class yaf_view_interface
class yaf_view_simple
class yar_client_exception
class yar_client
class yar_concurrent_client
class yar_server_exception
class yar_server
class ziparchive
class zmq
class zmqcontext
class zmqdevice
class zmqpoll
class zmqsocket
class zookeeper
class zookeeperauthenticationexception
class zookeeperconfig
class zookeeperconnectionexception
class zookeeperexception
class zookeepermarshallingexception
class zookeepernonodeexception
class zookeeperoperationtimeoutexception
class zookeepersessionexception
classkit configuration
classkit constants
classkit installation
classkit requirements
classkit resources
classkit setup
classobj configuration
classobj constants
classobj examples
classobj installation
classobj requirements
classobj resources
classobj setup
closure bind
closure bindto
closure call
closure construct
closure fromcallable
cmark installation
cmark requirements
cmark setup
collator asort
collator compare
collator construct
collator create
collator getattribute
collator geterrorcode
collator geterrormessage
collator getlocale
collator getsortkey
collator getstrength
collator setattribute
collator setstrength
collator sort
collator sortwithsortkeys
collectable isgarbage
collectable setgarbage
com configuration
com constants
com error_handling
com examples arrays
com examples foreach
com examples
com installation
com requirements
com resources
com setup
commonmark_cql construct
commonmark_cql invoke
commonmark_interfaces_ivisitable accept
commonmark_interfaces_ivisitor enter
commonmark_interfaces_ivisitor leave
commonmark_node_bulletlist construct
commonmark_node_codeblock construct
commonmark_node_heading construct
commonmark_node_image construct
commonmark_node_link construct
commonmark_node_orderedlist construct
commonmark_node_text construct
commonmark_node accept
commonmark_node appendchild
commonmark_node insertafter
commonmark_node insertbefore
commonmark_node prependchild
commonmark_node replace
commonmark_node unlink
commonmark_parser construct
commonmark_parser finish
commonmark_parser parse
componere_abstract_definition addinterface
componere_abstract_definition addmethod
componere_abstract_definition addtrait
componere_abstract_definition getreflector
componere_definition addconstant
componere_definition addproperty
componere_definition construct
componere_definition getclosure
componere_definition getclosures
componere_definition isregistered
componere_definition register
componere_method construct
componere_method getreflector
componere_method setprivate
componere_method setprotected
componere_method setstatic
componere_patch apply
componere_patch construct
componere_patch derive
componere_patch getclosure
componere_patch getclosures
componere_patch isapplied
componere_patch revert
componere_value construct
componere_value hasdefault
componere_value isprivate
componere_value isprotected
componere_value isstatic
componere_value setprivate
componere_value setprotected
componere_value setstatic
componere cast
componere cast_by_ref
componere installation
componere requirements
componere setup
cond broadcast
cond create
cond destroy
cond signal
cond wait
configuration changes
configuration changes modes
configuration file
configuration file per_user
configuration
configure about
configure
constants dbx
constants newt anchor
constants newt args_flags
constants newt cbtree_flags
constants newt colorsets
constants newt components_flags
constants newt entry_flags
constants newt fd_flags
constants newt form_flags
constants newt grid_flags
constants newt keys
constants newt listbox_flags
constants newt reasons
constants newt sense_flags
constants newt textbox_flags
context curl
context ftp
context
context http
context mongodb
context params
context phar
context socket
context ssl
context zip
control_structures alternative_syntax
control_structures break
control_structures continue
control_structures declare
control_structures do while
control_structures else
control_structures elseif
control_structures for
control_structures foreach
control_structures goto
control_structures if
control_structures intro
control_structures switch
control_structures while
copyright
countable count
crack configuration
crack constants
crack examples
crack installation
crack requirements
crack resources
crack setup
csprng configuration
csprng constants
csprng installation
csprng requirements
csprng resources
csprng setup
ctype configuration
ctype constants
ctype installation
ctype requirements
ctype resources
ctype setup
cubrid configuration
cubrid constants
cubrid examples
cubrid installation
cubrid requirements
cubrid resources
cubrid setup
cubridmysql cubrid
curl configuration
curl constants
curl examples_basic
curl examples
curl installation
curl requirements
curl resources
curl setup
curlfile construct
curlfile getfilename
curlfile getmimetype
curlfile getpostfilename
curlfile setmimetype
curlfile setpostfilename
curlfile wakeup
cyrus configuration
cyrus constants
cyrus installation
cyrus requirements
cyrus resources
cyrus setup
dateinterval construct
dateinterval createfromdatestring
dateinterval format
dateperiod construct
dateperiod getdateinterval
dateperiod getenddate
dateperiod getstartdate
datetime add
datetime configuration
datetime constants
datetime construct
datetime createfromformat
datetime diff
datetime examples_arithmetic
datetime examples
datetime format
datetime formats compound
datetime formats date
datetime formats
datetime formats relative
datetime formats time
datetime getlasterrors
datetime getoffset
datetime gettimestamp
datetime gettimezone
datetime installation
datetime modify
datetime requirements
datetime resources
datetime set_state
datetime setdate
datetime setisodate
datetime settime
datetime settimestamp
datetime settimezone
datetime setup
datetime sub
datetime wakeup
datetimeimmutable add
datetimeimmutable construct
datetimeimmutable createfromformat
datetimeimmutable createfrommutable
datetimeimmutable getlasterrors
datetimeimmutable modify
datetimeimmutable set_state
datetimeimmutable setdate
datetimeimmutable setisodate
datetimeimmutable settime
datetimeimmutable settimestamp
datetimeimmutable settimezone
datetimeimmutable sub
datetimezone construct
datetimezone getlocation
datetimezone getname
datetimezone getoffset
datetimezone gettransitions
datetimezone listabbreviations
datetimezone listidentifiers
dba configuration
dba constants
dba example
dba examples
dba installation
dba requirements
dba resources
dba setup
dbase configuration
dbase constants
dbase installation
dbase requirements
dbase resources
dbase setup
dbplus configuration
dbplus constants
dbplus errorcodes
dbplus installation
dbplus requirements
dbplus resources
dbplus setup
dbx configuration
dbx installation
dbx requirements
dbx resources
dbx setup
debugger_about
debugger
dio configuration
dio constants
dio installation
dio requirements
dio resources
dio setup
dir configuration
dir constants
dir installation
dir requirements
dir resources
dir setup
directory close
directory read
directory rewind
directoryiterator construct
directoryiterator current
directoryiterator getatime
directoryiterator getbasename
directoryiterator getctime
directoryiterator getextension
directoryiterator getfilename
directoryiterator getgroup
directoryiterator getinode
directoryiterator getmtime
directoryiterator getowner
directoryiterator getpath
directoryiterator getpathname
directoryiterator getperms
directoryiterator getsize
directoryiterator gettype
directoryiterator isdir
directoryiterator isdot
directoryiterator isexecutable
directoryiterator isfile
directoryiterator islink
directoryiterator isreadable
directoryiterator iswritable
directoryiterator key
directoryiterator next
directoryiterator rewind
directoryiterator seek
directoryiterator tostring
directoryiterator valid
doc changelog
dom configuration
dom constants
dom examples
dom installation
dom requirements
dom resources
dom setup
domattr construct
domattr isid
domcdatasection construct
domcharacterdata appenddata
domcharacterdata deletedata
domcharacterdata insertdata
domcharacterdata replacedata
domcharacterdata substringdata
domcomment construct
domdocument construct
domdocument createattribute
domdocument createattributens
domdocument createcdatasection
domdocument createcomment
domdocument createdocumentfragment
domdocument createelement
domdocument createelementns
domdocument createentityreference
domdocument createprocessinginstruction
domdocument createtextnode
domdocument getelementbyid
domdocument getelementsbytagname
domdocument getelementsbytagnamens
domdocument importnode
domdocument load
domdocument loadhtml
domdocument loadhtmlfile
domdocument loadxml
domdocument normalizedocument
domdocument registernodeclass
domdocument relaxngvalidate
domdocument relaxngvalidatesource
domdocument save
domdocument savehtml
domdocument savehtmlfile
domdocument savexml
domdocument schemavalidate
domdocument schemavalidatesource
domdocument validate
domdocument xinclude
domdocumentfragment appendxml
domelement construct
domelement getattribute
domelement getattributenode
domelement getattributenodens
domelement getattributens
domelement getelementsbytagname
domelement getelementsbytagnamens
domelement hasattribute
domelement hasattributens
domelement removeattribute
domelement removeattributenode
domelement removeattributens
domelement setattribute
domelement setattributenode
domelement setattributenodens
domelement setattributens
domelement setidattribute
domelement setidattributenode
domelement setidattributens
domentityreference construct
domimplementation construct
domimplementation createdocument
domimplementation createdocumenttype
domimplementation hasfeature
domnamednodemap count
domnamednodemap getnameditem
domnamednodemap getnameditemns
domnamednodemap item
domnode appendchild
domnode c14n
domnode c14nfile
domnode clonenode
domnode getlineno
domnode getnodepath
domnode hasattributes
domnode haschildnodes
domnode insertbefore
domnode isdefaultnamespace
domnode issamenode
domnode issupported
domnode lookupnamespaceuri
domnode lookupprefix
domnode normalize
domnode removechild
domnode replacechild
domnodelist count
domnodelist item
domprocessinginstruction construct
domtext construct
domtext iselementcontentwhitespace
domtext iswhitespaceinelementcontent
domtext splittext
domxpath construct
domxpath evaluate
domxpath query
domxpath registernamespace
domxpath registerphpfunctions
ds_collection clear
ds_collection copy
ds_collection isempty
ds_collection toarray
ds_deque allocate
ds_deque apply
ds_deque capacity
ds_deque clear
ds_deque construct
ds_deque contains
ds_deque copy
ds_deque count
ds_deque filter
ds_deque find
ds_deque first
ds_deque get
ds_deque insert
ds_deque isempty
ds_deque join
ds_deque jsonserialize
ds_deque last
ds_deque map
ds_deque merge
ds_deque pop
ds_deque push
ds_deque reduce
ds_deque remove
ds_deque reverse
ds_deque reversed
ds_deque rotate
ds_deque set
ds_deque shift
ds_deque slice
ds_deque sort
ds_deque sorted
ds_deque sum
ds_deque toarray
ds_deque unshift
ds_hashable equals
ds_hashable hash
ds_map allocate
ds_map apply
ds_map capacity
ds_map clear
ds_map construct
ds_map copy
ds_map count
ds_map diff
ds_map filter
ds_map first
ds_map get
ds_map haskey
ds_map hasvalue
ds_map intersect
ds_map isempty
ds_map jsonserialize
ds_map keys
ds_map ksort
ds_map ksorted
ds_map last
ds_map map
ds_map merge
ds_map pairs
ds_map put
ds_map putall
ds_map reduce
ds_map remove
ds_map reverse
ds_map reversed
ds_map skip
ds_map slice
ds_map sort
ds_map sorted
ds_map sum
ds_map toarray
ds_map union
ds_map values
ds_map xor
ds_pair clear
ds_pair construct
ds_pair copy
ds_pair isempty
ds_pair jsonserialize
ds_pair toarray
ds_priorityqueue allocate
ds_priorityqueue capacity
ds_priorityqueue clear
ds_priorityqueue construct
ds_priorityqueue copy
ds_priorityqueue count
ds_priorityqueue isempty
ds_priorityqueue jsonserialize
ds_priorityqueue peek
ds_priorityqueue pop
ds_priorityqueue push
ds_priorityqueue toarray
ds_queue allocate
ds_queue capacity
ds_queue clear
ds_queue construct
ds_queue copy
ds_queue count
ds_queue isempty
ds_queue jsonserialize
ds_queue peek
ds_queue pop
ds_queue push
ds_queue toarray
ds_sequence allocate
ds_sequence apply
ds_sequence capacity
ds_sequence contains
ds_sequence filter
ds_sequence find
ds_sequence first
ds_sequence get
ds_sequence insert
ds_sequence join
ds_sequence last
ds_sequence map
ds_sequence merge
ds_sequence pop
ds_sequence push
ds_sequence reduce
ds_sequence remove
ds_sequence reverse
ds_sequence reversed
ds_sequence rotate
ds_sequence set
ds_sequence shift
ds_sequence slice
ds_sequence sort
ds_sequence sorted
ds_sequence sum
ds_sequence unshift
ds_set add
ds_set allocate
ds_set capacity
ds_set clear
ds_set construct
ds_set contains
ds_set copy
ds_set count
ds_set diff
ds_set filter
ds_set first
ds_set get
ds_set intersect
ds_set isempty
ds_set join
ds_set jsonserialize
ds_set last
ds_set merge
ds_set reduce
ds_set remove
ds_set reverse
ds_set reversed
ds_set slice
ds_set sort
ds_set sorted
ds_set sum
ds_set toarray
ds_set union
ds_set xor
ds_stack allocate
ds_stack capacity
ds_stack clear
ds_stack construct
ds_stack copy
ds_stack count
ds_stack isempty
ds_stack jsonserialize
ds_stack peek
ds_stack pop
ds_stack push
ds_stack toarray
ds_vector allocate
ds_vector apply
ds_vector capacity
ds_vector clear
ds_vector construct
ds_vector contains
ds_vector copy
ds_vector count
ds_vector filter
ds_vector find
ds_vector first
ds_vector get
ds_vector insert
ds_vector isempty
ds_vector join
ds_vector jsonserialize
ds_vector last
ds_vector map
ds_vector merge
ds_vector pop
ds_vector push
ds_vector reduce
ds_vector remove
ds_vector reverse
ds_vector reversed
ds_vector rotate
ds_vector set
ds_vector shift
ds_vector slice
ds_vector sort
ds_vector sorted
ds_vector sum
ds_vector toarray
ds_vector unshift
ds constants
ds examples
ds installation
ds requirements
ds setup
eio configuration
eio constants
eio examples
eio installation
eio requirements
eio resources
eio setup
emptyiterator current
emptyiterator key
emptyiterator next
emptyiterator rewind
emptyiterator valid
enchant configuration
enchant constants
enchant examples
enchant installation
enchant requirements
enchant resources
enchant setup
error clone
error construct
error getcode
error getfile
error getline
error getmessage
error getprevious
error gettrace
error gettraceasstring
error tostring
errorexception construct
errorexception getseverity
errorfunc configuration
errorfunc constants
errorfunc examples
errorfunc installation
errorfunc requirements
errorfunc resources
errorfunc setup
ev backend
ev configuration
ev depth
ev embeddablebackends
ev examples
ev feedsignal
ev feedsignalevent
ev global constants
ev installation
ev iteration
ev now
ev nowupdate
ev periodic_modes
ev recommendedbackends
ev requirements
ev resources
ev resume
ev run
ev setup
ev sleep
ev stop
ev supportedbackends
ev suspend
ev time
ev verify
ev watcher_callbacks
ev watchers
evcheck construct
evcheck createstopped
evchild construct
evchild createstopped
evchild set
evembed construct
evembed createstopped
evembed set
evembed sweep
event add
event addsignal
event addtimer
event callbacks
event configuration
event construct
event constructing signal events
event del
event delsignal
event deltimer
event examples
event flags
event free
event getsupportedmethods
event installation
event pending
event persistence
event requirements
event resources
event set
event setpriority
event settimer
event setup
event signal
event timer
eventbase construct
eventbase dispatch
eventbase exit
eventbase free
eventbase getfeatures
eventbase getmethod
eventbase gettimeofdaycached
eventbase gotexit
eventbase gotstop
eventbase loop
eventbase priorityinit
eventbase reinit
eventbase stop
eventbuffer add
eventbuffer addbuffer
eventbuffer appendfrom
eventbuffer construct
eventbuffer copyout
eventbuffer drain
eventbuffer enablelocking
eventbuffer expand
eventbuffer freeze
eventbuffer lock
eventbuffer prepend
eventbuffer prependbuffer
eventbuffer pullup
eventbuffer read
eventbuffer readfrom
eventbuffer readline
eventbuffer search
eventbuffer searcheol
eventbuffer substr
eventbuffer unfreeze
eventbuffer unlock
eventbuffer write
eventbufferevent about callbacks
eventbufferevent close
eventbufferevent connect
eventbufferevent connecthost
eventbufferevent construct
eventbufferevent createpair
eventbufferevent disable
eventbufferevent enable
eventbufferevent free
eventbufferevent getdnserrorstring
eventbufferevent getenabled
eventbufferevent getinput
eventbufferevent getoutput
eventbufferevent read
eventbufferevent readbuffer
eventbufferevent setcallbacks
eventbufferevent setpriority
eventbufferevent settimeouts
eventbufferevent setwatermark
eventbufferevent sslerror
eventbufferevent sslfilter
eventbufferevent sslgetcipherinfo
eventbufferevent sslgetciphername
eventbufferevent sslgetcipherversion
eventbufferevent sslgetprotocol
eventbufferevent sslrenegotiate
eventbufferevent sslsocket
eventbufferevent write
eventbufferevent writebuffer
eventconfig avoidmethod
eventconfig construct
eventconfig requirefeatures
eventconfig setmaxdispatchinterval
eventdnsbase addnameserverip
eventdnsbase addsearch
eventdnsbase clearsearch
eventdnsbase construct
eventdnsbase countnameservers
eventdnsbase loadhosts
eventdnsbase parseresolvconf
eventdnsbase setoption
eventdnsbase setsearchndots
eventhttp accept
eventhttp addserveralias
eventhttp bind
eventhttp construct
eventhttp removeserveralias
eventhttp setallowedmethods
eventhttp setcallback
eventhttp setdefaultcallback
eventhttp setmaxbodysize
eventhttp setmaxheaderssize
eventhttp settimeout
eventhttpconnection construct
eventhttpconnection getbase
eventhttpconnection getpeer
eventhttpconnection makerequest
eventhttpconnection setclosecallback
eventhttpconnection setlocaladdress
eventhttpconnection setlocalport
eventhttpconnection setmaxbodysize
eventhttpconnection setmaxheaderssize
eventhttpconnection setretries
eventhttpconnection settimeout
eventhttprequest addheader
eventhttprequest cancel
eventhttprequest clearheaders
eventhttprequest closeconnection
eventhttprequest construct
eventhttprequest findheader
eventhttprequest free
eventhttprequest getbufferevent
eventhttprequest getcommand
eventhttprequest getconnection
eventhttprequest gethost
eventhttprequest getinputbuffer
eventhttprequest getinputheaders
eventhttprequest getoutputbuffer
eventhttprequest getoutputheaders
eventhttprequest getresponsecode
eventhttprequest geturi
eventhttprequest removeheader
eventhttprequest senderror
eventhttprequest sendreply
eventhttprequest sendreplychunk
eventhttprequest sendreplyend
eventhttprequest sendreplystart
eventlistener construct
eventlistener disable
eventlistener enable
eventlistener getbase
eventlistener getsocketname
eventlistener setcallback
eventlistener seterrorcallback
eventsslcontext construct
eventutil construct
eventutil getlastsocketerrno
eventutil getlastsocketerror
eventutil getsocketfd
eventutil getsocketname
eventutil setsocketoption
eventutil sslrandpoll
evfork construct
evfork createstopped
evidle construct
evidle createstopped
evio construct
evio createstopped
evio set
evloop backend
evloop check
evloop child
evloop construct
evloop defaultloop
evloop embed
evloop fork
evloop idle
evloop invokepending
evloop io
evloop loopfork
evloop now
evloop nowupdate
evloop periodic
evloop prepare
evloop resume
evloop run
evloop signal
evloop stat
evloop stop
evloop suspend
evloop timer
evloop verify
evperiodic again
evperiodic at
evperiodic construct
evperiodic createstopped
evperiodic set
evprepare construct
evprepare createstopped
evsignal construct
evsignal createstopped
evsignal set
evstat attr
evstat construct
evstat createstopped
evstat prev
evstat set
evstat stat
evtimer again
evtimer construct
evtimer createstopped
evtimer set
evwatcher clear
evwatcher construct
evwatcher feed
evwatcher getloop
evwatcher invoke
evwatcher keepalive
evwatcher setcallback
evwatcher start
evwatcher stop
example xml_external_entity
example xml_map_tags
example xml_structure
example xmlwriter_namespace
example xmlwriter_oop
example xmlwriter_simple
exception clone
exception construct
exception getcode
exception getfile
exception getline
exception getmessage
exception getprevious
exception gettrace
exception gettraceasstring
exception tostring
exec configuration
exec constants
exec installation
exec requirements
exec resources
exec setup
exif configuration
exif constants
exif installation
exif requirements
exif resources
exif setup
expect configuration
expect constants
expect examples_usage
expect examples
expect installation
expect requirements
expect resources
expect setup
extensions alphabetical
extensions
extensions membership
extensions state
fam configuration
fam constants
fam installation
fam requirements
fam resources
fam setup
fann configuration
fann constants
fann examples_1
fann examples
fann installation
fann requirements
fann resources
fann setup
fannconnection construct
fannconnection getfromneuron
fannconnection gettoneuron
fannconnection getweight
fannconnection setweight
faq build
faq com
faq databases
faq general
faq
faq html
faq installation
faq mailinglist
faq misc
faq obtaining
faq passwords
faq using
fbsql configuration
fbsql constants
fbsql installation
fbsql requirements
fbsql resources
fbsql setup
fdf configuration
fdf constants
fdf examples
fdf installation
fdf requirements
fdf resources
fdf setup
features commandline differences
features commandline
features commandline ini
features commandline interactive
features commandline introduction
features commandline io_streams
features commandline options
features commandline usage
features commandline webserver
features connection_handling
features cookies
features dtrace dtrace
features dtrace
features dtrace introduction
features dtrace systemtap
features file_upload common_pitfalls
features file_upload errors
features file_upload errors seealso
features file_upload
features file_upload multiple
features file_upload post_method
features file_upload put_method
features gc collecting_cycles
features gc
features gc performance_considerations
features gc refcounting_basics
features
features http_auth
features persistent_connections
features remote_files
features safe_mode functions
features safe_mode
features session security management
features sessions
features xforms
fileinfo configuration
fileinfo constants
fileinfo installation
fileinfo requirements
fileinfo resources
fileinfo setup
filepro configuration
filepro constants
filepro installation
filepro requirements
filepro resources
filepro setup
filesystem configuration
filesystem constants
filesystem installation
filesystem requirements
filesystem resources
filesystem setup
filesystemiterator construct
filesystemiterator current
filesystemiterator getflags
filesystemiterator key
filesystemiterator next
filesystemiterator rewind
filesystemiterator setflags
filter configuration
filter constants
filter examples
filter examples sanitization
filter examples validation
filter filters flags
filter filters
filter filters misc
filter filters sanitize
filter filters validate
filter installation
filter requirements
filter resources
filter setup
filteriterator accept
filteriterator construct
filteriterator current
filteriterator getinneriterator
filteriterator key
filteriterator next
filteriterator rewind
filteriterator valid
filters compression
filters convert
filters encryption
filters
filters string
finfo buffer
finfo construct
finfo file
finfo set_flags
fpm setup
fribidi configuration
fribidi constants
fribidi installation
fribidi requirements
fribidi resources
fribidi setup
ftp configuration
ftp constants
ftp examples_basic
ftp examples
ftp installation
ftp requirements
ftp resources
ftp setup
funchand configuration
funchand constants
funchand installation
funchand requirements
funchand resources
funchand setup
funcref
function abs
function acos
function acosh
function addcslashes
function addslashes
function apache_child_terminate
function apache_get_modules
function apache_get_version
function apache_getenv
function apache_lookup_uri
function apache_note
function apache_request_headers
function apache_reset_timeout
function apache_response_headers
function apache_setenv
function apc_add
function apc_bin_dump
function apc_bin_dumpfile
function apc_bin_load
function apc_bin_loadfile
function apc_cache_info
function apc_cas
function apc_clear_cache
function apc_compile_file
function apc_dec
function apc_define_constants
function apc_delete_file
function apc_delete
function apc_exists
function apc_fetch
function apc_inc
function apc_load_constants
function apc_sma_info
function apc_store
function apcu_add
function apcu_cache_info
function apcu_cas
function apcu_clear_cache
function apcu_dec
function apcu_delete
function apcu_entry
function apcu_exists
function apcu_fetch
function apcu_inc
function apcu_sma_info
function apcu_store
function apd_breakpoint
function apd_callstack
function apd_clunk
function apd_continue
function apd_croak
function apd_dump_function_table
function apd_dump_persistent_resources
function apd_dump_regular_resources
function apd_echo
function apd_get_active_symbols
function apd_set_pprof_trace
function apd_set_session_trace_socket
function apd_set_session_trace
function apd_set_session
function array_change_key_case
function array_chunk
function array_column
function array_combine
function array_count_values
function array_diff_assoc
function array_diff_key
function array_diff_uassoc
function array_diff_ukey
function array_diff
function array_fill_keys
function array_fill
function array_filter
function array_flip
function array_intersect_assoc
function array_intersect_key
function array_intersect_uassoc
function array_intersect_ukey
function array_intersect
function array_key_exists
function array_key_first
function array_key_last
function array_keys
function array_map
function array_merge_recursive
function array_merge
function array_multisort
function array_pad
function array_pop
function array_product
function array_push
function array_rand
function array_reduce
function array_replace_recursive
function array_replace
function array_reverse
function array_search
function array_shift
function array_slice
function array_splice
function array_sum
function array_udiff_assoc
function array_udiff_uassoc
function array_udiff
function array_uintersect_assoc
function array_uintersect_uassoc
function array_uintersect
function array_unique
function array_unshift
function array_values
function array_walk_recursive
function array_walk
function array
function arsort
function asin
function asinh
function asort
function assert_options
function assert
function atan
function atan2
function atanh
function autoload
function base_convert
function base64_decode
function base64_encode
function basename
function bbcode_add_element
function bbcode_add_smiley
function bbcode_create
function bbcode_destroy
function bbcode_parse
function bbcode_set_arg_parser
function bbcode_set_flags
function bcadd
function bccomp
function bcdiv
function bcmod
function bcmul
function bcompiler_load_exe
function bcompiler_load
function bcompiler_parse_class
function bcompiler_read
function bcompiler_write_class
function bcompiler_write_constant
function bcompiler_write_exe_footer
function bcompiler_write_file
function bcompiler_write_footer
function bcompiler_write_function
function bcompiler_write_functions_from_file
function bcompiler_write_header
function bcompiler_write_included_filename
function bcpow
function bcpowmod
function bcscale
function bcsqrt
function bcsub
function bin2hex
function bind_textdomain_codeset
function bindec
function bindtextdomain
function blenc_encrypt
function boolval
function bson_decode
function bson_encode
function bzclose
function bzcompress
function bzdecompress
function bzerrno
function bzerror
function bzerrstr
function bzflush
function bzopen
function bzread
function bzwrite
function cairo_create
function cairo_font_options_create
function cairo_font_options_equal
function cairo_font_options_get_antialias
function cairo_font_options_get_hint_metrics
function cairo_font_options_get_hint_style
function cairo_font_options_get_subpixel_order
function cairo_font_options_hash
function cairo_font_options_merge
function cairo_font_options_set_antialias
function cairo_font_options_set_hint_metrics
function cairo_font_options_set_hint_style
function cairo_font_options_set_subpixel_order
function cairo_font_options_status
function cairo_format_stride_for_width
function cairo_image_surface_create_for_data
function cairo_image_surface_create_from_png
function cairo_image_surface_create
function cairo_image_surface_get_data
function cairo_image_surface_get_format
function cairo_image_surface_get_height
function cairo_image_surface_get_stride
function cairo_image_surface_get_width
function cairo_matrix_create_scale
function cairo_matrix_create_translate
function cairo_matrix_invert
function cairo_matrix_multiply
function cairo_matrix_transform_distance
function cairo_matrix_transform_point
function cairo_matrix_translate
function cairo_pattern_add_color_stop_rgb
function cairo_pattern_add_color_stop_rgba
function cairo_pattern_create_for_surface
function cairo_pattern_create_linear
function cairo_pattern_create_radial
function cairo_pattern_create_rgb
function cairo_pattern_create_rgba
function cairo_pattern_get_color_stop_count
function cairo_pattern_get_color_stop_rgba
function cairo_pattern_get_extend
function cairo_pattern_get_filter
function cairo_pattern_get_linear_points
function cairo_pattern_get_matrix
function cairo_pattern_get_radial_circles
function cairo_pattern_get_rgba
function cairo_pattern_get_surface
function cairo_pattern_get_type
function cairo_pattern_set_extend
function cairo_pattern_set_filter
function cairo_pattern_set_matrix
function cairo_pattern_status
function cairo_pdf_surface_create
function cairo_pdf_surface_set_size
function cairo_ps_get_levels
function cairo_ps_level_to_string
function cairo_ps_surface_create
function cairo_ps_surface_dsc_begin_page_setup
function cairo_ps_surface_dsc_begin_setup
function cairo_ps_surface_dsc_comment
function cairo_ps_surface_get_eps
function cairo_ps_surface_restrict_to_level
function cairo_ps_surface_set_eps
function cairo_ps_surface_set_size
function cairo_scaled_font_create
function cairo_scaled_font_extents
function cairo_scaled_font_get_ctm
function cairo_scaled_font_get_font_face
function cairo_scaled_font_get_font_matrix
function cairo_scaled_font_get_font_options
function cairo_scaled_font_get_scale_matrix
function cairo_scaled_font_get_type
function cairo_scaled_font_glyph_extents
function cairo_scaled_font_status
function cairo_scaled_font_text_extents
function cairo_surface_copy_page
function cairo_surface_create_similar
function cairo_surface_finish
function cairo_surface_flush
function cairo_surface_get_content
function cairo_surface_get_device_offset
function cairo_surface_get_font_options
function cairo_surface_get_type
function cairo_surface_mark_dirty_rectangle
function cairo_surface_mark_dirty
function cairo_surface_set_device_offset
function cairo_surface_set_fallback_resolution
function cairo_surface_show_page
function cairo_surface_status
function cairo_surface_write_to_png
function cairo_svg_surface_create
function cairo_svg_surface_restrict_to_version
function cairo_svg_version_to_string
function cal_days_in_month
function cal_from_jd
function cal_info
function cal_to_jd
function call_user_func_array
function call_user_func
function call_user_method_array
function call_user_method
function ceil
function chdb_create
function chdir
function checkdate
function checkdnsrr
function chgrp
function chmod
function chop
function chown
function chr
function chroot
function chunk_split
function class_alias
function class_exists
function class_implements
function class_parents
function class_uses
function classkit_import
function classkit_method_add
function classkit_method_copy
function classkit_method_redefine
function classkit_method_remove
function classkit_method_rename
function clearstatcache
function cli_get_process_title
function cli_set_process_title
function closedir
function closelog
function com_create_guid
function com_event_sink
function com_get_active_object
function com_load_typelib
function com_message_pump
function com_print_typeinfo
function commonmark_parse
function commonmark_render_html
function commonmark_render_latex
function commonmark_render_man
function commonmark_render_xml
function commonmark_render
function compact
function connection_aborted
function connection_status
function constant
function convert_cyr_string
function convert_uudecode
function convert_uuencode
function copy
function cos
function cosh
function count_chars
function count
function crack_check
function crack_closedict
function crack_getlastmessage
function crack_opendict
function crc32
function create_function
function crypt
function ctype_alnum
function ctype_alpha
function ctype_cntrl
function ctype_digit
function ctype_graph
function ctype_lower
function ctype_print
function ctype_punct
function ctype_space
function ctype_upper
function ctype_xdigit
function cubrid_affected_rows
function cubrid_bind
function cubrid_client_encoding
function cubrid_close_prepare
function cubrid_close_request
function cubrid_close
function cubrid_col_get
function cubrid_col_size
function cubrid_column_names
function cubrid_column_types
function cubrid_commit
function cubrid_connect_with_url
function cubrid_connect
function cubrid_current_oid
function cubrid_data_seek
function cubrid_db_name
function cubrid_disconnect
function cubrid_drop
function cubrid_errno
function cubrid_error_code_facility
function cubrid_error_code
function cubrid_error_msg
function cubrid_error
function cubrid_execute
function cubrid_fetch_array
function cubrid_fetch_assoc
function cubrid_fetch_field
function cubrid_fetch_lengths
function cubrid_fetch_object
function cubrid_fetch_row
function cubrid_fetch
function cubrid_field_flags
function cubrid_field_len
function cubrid_field_name
function cubrid_field_seek
function cubrid_field_table
function cubrid_field_type
function cubrid_free_result
function cubrid_get_autocommit
function cubrid_get_charset
function cubrid_get_class_name
function cubrid_get_client_info
function cubrid_get_db_parameter
function cubrid_get_query_timeout
function cubrid_get_server_info
function cubrid_get
function cubrid_insert_id
function cubrid_is_instance
function cubrid_list_dbs
function cubrid_load_from_glo
function cubrid_lob_close
function cubrid_lob_export
function cubrid_lob_get
function cubrid_lob_send
function cubrid_lob_size
function cubrid_lob2_bind
function cubrid_lob2_close
function cubrid_lob2_export
function cubrid_lob2_import
function cubrid_lob2_new
function cubrid_lob2_read
function cubrid_lob2_seek
function cubrid_lob2_seek64
function cubrid_lob2_size
function cubrid_lob2_size64
function cubrid_lob2_tell
function cubrid_lob2_tell64
function cubrid_lob2_write
function cubrid_lock_read
function cubrid_lock_write
function cubrid_move_cursor
function cubrid_new_glo
function cubrid_next_result
function cubrid_num_cols
function cubrid_num_fields
function cubrid_num_rows
function cubrid_pconnect_with_url
function cubrid_pconnect
function cubrid_ping
function cubrid_prepare
function cubrid_put
function cubrid_query
function cubrid_real_escape_string
function cubrid_result
function cubrid_rollback
function cubrid_save_to_glo
function cubrid_schema
function cubrid_send_glo
function cubrid_seq_drop
function cubrid_seq_insert
function cubrid_seq_put
function cubrid_set_add
function cubrid_set_autocommit
function cubrid_set_db_parameter
function cubrid_set_drop
function cubrid_set_query_timeout
function cubrid_unbuffered_query
function cubrid_version
function curl_close
function curl_copy_handle
function curl_errno
function curl_error
function curl_escape
function curl_exec
function curl_file_create
function curl_getinfo
function curl_init
function curl_multi_add_handle
function curl_multi_close
function curl_multi_errno
function curl_multi_exec
function curl_multi_getcontent
function curl_multi_info_read
function curl_multi_init
function curl_multi_remove_handle
function curl_multi_select
function curl_multi_setopt
function curl_multi_strerror
function curl_pause
function curl_reset
function curl_setopt_array
function curl_setopt
function curl_share_close
function curl_share_errno
function curl_share_init
function curl_share_setopt
function curl_share_strerror
function curl_strerror
function curl_unescape
function curl_version
function current
function cyrus_authenticate
function cyrus_bind
function cyrus_close
function cyrus_connect
function cyrus_query
function cyrus_unbind
function date_add
function date_create_from_format
function date_create_immutable_from_format
function date_create_immutable
function date_create
function date_date_set
function date_default_timezone_get
function date_default_timezone_set
function date_diff
function date_format
function date_get_last_errors
function date_interval_create_from_date_string
function date_interval_format
function date_isodate_set
function date_modify
function date_offset_get
function date_parse_from_format
function date_parse
function date_sub
function date_sun_info
function date_sunrise
function date_sunset
function date_time_set
function date_timestamp_get
function date_timestamp_set
function date_timezone_get
function date_timezone_set
function date
function db2_autocommit
function db2_bind_param
function db2_client_info
function db2_close
function db2_column_privileges
function db2_columns
function db2_commit
function db2_conn_error
function db2_conn_errormsg
function db2_connect
function db2_cursor_type
function db2_escape_string
function db2_exec
function db2_execute
function db2_fetch_array
function db2_fetch_assoc
function db2_fetch_both
function db2_fetch_object
function db2_fetch_row
function db2_field_display_size
function db2_field_name
function db2_field_num
function db2_field_precision
function db2_field_scale
function db2_field_type
function db2_field_width
function db2_foreign_keys
function db2_free_result
function db2_free_stmt
function db2_get_option
function db2_last_insert_id
function db2_lob_read
function db2_next_result
function db2_num_fields
function db2_num_rows
function db2_pclose
function db2_pconnect
function db2_prepare
function db2_primary_keys
function db2_procedure_columns
function db2_procedures
function db2_result
function db2_rollback
function db2_server_info
function db2_set_option
function db2_special_columns
function db2_statistics
function db2_stmt_error
function db2_stmt_errormsg
function db2_table_privileges
function db2_tables
function dba_close
function dba_delete
function dba_exists
function dba_fetch
function dba_firstkey
function dba_handlers
function dba_insert
function dba_key_split
function dba_list
function dba_nextkey
function dba_open
function dba_optimize
function dba_popen
function dba_replace
function dba_sync
function dbase_add_record
function dbase_close
function dbase_create
function dbase_delete_record
function dbase_get_header_info
function dbase_get_record_with_names
function dbase_get_record
function dbase_numfields
function dbase_numrecords
function dbase_open
function dbase_pack
function dbase_replace_record
function dbplus_add
function dbplus_aql
function dbplus_chdir
function dbplus_close
function dbplus_curr
function dbplus_errcode
function dbplus_errno
function dbplus_find
function dbplus_first
function dbplus_flush
function dbplus_freealllocks
function dbplus_freelock
function dbplus_freerlocks
function dbplus_getlock
function dbplus_getunique
function dbplus_info
function dbplus_last
function dbplus_lockrel
function dbplus_next
function dbplus_open
function dbplus_prev
function dbplus_rchperm
function dbplus_rcreate
function dbplus_rcrtexact
function dbplus_rcrtlike
function dbplus_resolve
function dbplus_restorepos
function dbplus_rkeys
function dbplus_ropen
function dbplus_rquery
function dbplus_rrename
function dbplus_rsecindex
function dbplus_runlink
function dbplus_rzap
function dbplus_savepos
function dbplus_setindex
function dbplus_setindexbynumber
function dbplus_sql
function dbplus_tcl
function dbplus_tremove
function dbplus_undo
function dbplus_undoprepare
function dbplus_unlockrel
function dbplus_unselect
function dbplus_update
function dbplus_xlockrel
function dbplus_xunlockrel
function dbx_close
function dbx_compare
function dbx_connect
function dbx_error
function dbx_escape_string
function dbx_fetch_row
function dbx_query
function dbx_sort
function dcgettext
function dcngettext
function debug_backtrace
function debug_print_backtrace
function debug_zval_dump
function decbin
function dechex
function decoct
function define_syslog_variables
function define
function defined
function deflate_add
function deflate_init
function deg2rad
function delete
function dgettext
function die
function dio_close
function dio_fcntl
function dio_open
function dio_read
function dio_seek
function dio_stat
function dio_tcsetattr
function dio_truncate
function dio_write
function dir
function dirname
function disk_free_space
function disk_total_space
function diskfreespace
function dl
function dngettext
function dns_check_record
function dns_get_mx
function dns_get_record
function dom_import_simplexml
function doubleval
function each
function easter_date
function easter_days
function echo
function eio_busy
function eio_cancel
function eio_chmod
function eio_chown
function eio_close
function eio_custom
function eio_dup2
function eio_event_loop
function eio_fallocate
function eio_fchmod
function eio_fchown
function eio_fdatasync
function eio_fstat
function eio_fstatvfs
function eio_fsync
function eio_ftruncate
function eio_futime
function eio_get_event_stream
function eio_get_last_error
function eio_grp_add
function eio_grp_cancel
function eio_grp_limit
function eio_grp
function eio_init
function eio_link
function eio_lstat
function eio_mkdir
function eio_mknod
function eio_nop
function eio_npending
function eio_nready
function eio_nreqs
function eio_nthreads
function eio_open
function eio_poll
function eio_read
function eio_readahead
function eio_readdir
function eio_readlink
function eio_realpath
function eio_rename
function eio_rmdir
function eio_seek
function eio_sendfile
function eio_set_max_idle
function eio_set_max_parallel
function eio_set_max_poll_reqs
function eio_set_max_poll_time
function eio_set_min_parallel
function eio_stat
function eio_statvfs
function eio_symlink
function eio_sync_file_range
function eio_sync
function eio_syncfs
function eio_truncate
function eio_unlink
function eio_utime
function eio_write
function empty
function enchant_broker_describe
function enchant_broker_dict_exists
function enchant_broker_free_dict
function enchant_broker_free
function enchant_broker_get_dict_path
function enchant_broker_get_error
function enchant_broker_init
function enchant_broker_list_dicts
function enchant_broker_request_dict
function enchant_broker_request_pwl_dict
function enchant_broker_set_dict_path
function enchant_broker_set_ordering
function enchant_dict_add_to_personal
function enchant_dict_add_to_session
function enchant_dict_check
function enchant_dict_describe
function enchant_dict_get_error
function enchant_dict_is_in_session
function enchant_dict_quick_check
function enchant_dict_store_replacement
function enchant_dict_suggest
function end
function ereg_replace
function ereg
function eregi_replace
function eregi
function error_clear_last
function error_get_last
function error_log
function error_reporting
function escapeshellarg
function escapeshellcmd
function eval
function event_add
function event_base_free
function event_base_loop
function event_base_loopbreak
function event_base_loopexit
function event_base_new
function event_base_priority_init
function event_base_reinit
function event_base_set
function event_buffer_base_set
function event_buffer_disable
function event_buffer_enable
function event_buffer_fd_set
function event_buffer_free
function event_buffer_new
function event_buffer_priority_set
function event_buffer_read
function event_buffer_set_callback
function event_buffer_timeout_set
function event_buffer_watermark_set
function event_buffer_write
function event_del
function event_free
function event_new
function event_priority_set
function event_set
function event_timer_add
function event_timer_del
function event_timer_new
function event_timer_set
function exec
function exif_imagetype
function exif_read_data
function exif_tagname
function exif_thumbnail
function exit
function exp
function expect_expectl
function expect_popen
function explode
function expm1
function extension_loaded
function extract
function ezmlm_hash
function fam_cancel_monitor
function fam_close
function fam_monitor_collection
function fam_monitor_directory
function fam_monitor_file
function fam_next_event
function fam_open
function fam_pending
function fam_resume_monitor
function fam_suspend_monitor
function fann_cascadetrain_on_data
function fann_cascadetrain_on_file
function fann_clear_scaling_params
function fann_copy
function fann_create_from_file
function fann_create_shortcut_array
function fann_create_shortcut
function fann_create_sparse_array
function fann_create_sparse
function fann_create_standard_array
function fann_create_standard
function fann_create_train_from_callback
function fann_create_train
function fann_descale_input
function fann_descale_output
function fann_descale_train
function fann_destroy_train
function fann_destroy
function fann_duplicate_train_data
function fann_get_activation_function
function fann_get_activation_steepness
function fann_get_bias_array
function fann_get_bit_fail_limit
function fann_get_bit_fail
function fann_get_cascade_activation_functions_count
function fann_get_cascade_activation_functions
function fann_get_cascade_activation_steepnesses_count
function fann_get_cascade_activation_steepnesses
function fann_get_cascade_candidate_change_fraction
function fann_get_cascade_candidate_limit
function fann_get_cascade_candidate_stagnation_epochs
function fann_get_cascade_max_cand_epochs
function fann_get_cascade_max_out_epochs
function fann_get_cascade_min_cand_epochs
function fann_get_cascade_min_out_epochs
function fann_get_cascade_num_candidate_groups
function fann_get_cascade_num_candidates
function fann_get_cascade_output_change_fraction
function fann_get_cascade_output_stagnation_epochs
function fann_get_cascade_weight_multiplier
function fann_get_connection_array
function fann_get_connection_rate
function fann_get_errno
function fann_get_errstr
function fann_get_layer_array
function fann_get_learning_momentum
function fann_get_learning_rate
function fann_get_mse
function fann_get_network_type
function fann_get_num_input
function fann_get_num_layers
function fann_get_num_output
function fann_get_quickprop_decay
function fann_get_quickprop_mu
function fann_get_rprop_decrease_factor
function fann_get_rprop_delta_max
function fann_get_rprop_delta_min
function fann_get_rprop_delta_zero
function fann_get_rprop_increase_factor
function fann_get_sarprop_step_error_shift
function fann_get_sarprop_step_error_threshold_factor
function fann_get_sarprop_temperature
function fann_get_sarprop_weight_decay_shift
function fann_get_total_connections
function fann_get_total_neurons
function fann_get_train_error_function
function fann_get_train_stop_function
function fann_get_training_algorithm
function fann_init_weights
function fann_length_train_data
function fann_merge_train_data
function fann_num_input_train_data
function fann_num_output_train_data
function fann_print_error
function fann_randomize_weights
function fann_read_train_from_file
function fann_reset_errno
function fann_reset_errstr
function fann_reset_mse
function fann_run
function fann_save_train
function fann_save
function fann_scale_input_train_data
function fann_scale_input
function fann_scale_output_train_data
function fann_scale_output
function fann_scale_train_data
function fann_scale_train
function fann_set_activation_function_hidden
function fann_set_activation_function_layer
function fann_set_activation_function_output
function fann_set_activation_function
function fann_set_activation_steepness_hidden
function fann_set_activation_steepness_layer
function fann_set_activation_steepness_output
function fann_set_activation_steepness
function fann_set_bit_fail_limit
function fann_set_callback
function fann_set_cascade_activation_functions
function fann_set_cascade_activation_steepnesses
function fann_set_cascade_candidate_change_fraction
function fann_set_cascade_candidate_limit
function fann_set_cascade_candidate_stagnation_epochs
function fann_set_cascade_max_cand_epochs
function fann_set_cascade_max_out_epochs
function fann_set_cascade_min_cand_epochs
function fann_set_cascade_min_out_epochs
function fann_set_cascade_num_candidate_groups
function fann_set_cascade_output_change_fraction
function fann_set_cascade_output_stagnation_epochs
function fann_set_cascade_weight_multiplier
function fann_set_error_log
function fann_set_input_scaling_params
function fann_set_learning_momentum
function fann_set_learning_rate
function fann_set_output_scaling_params
function fann_set_quickprop_decay
function fann_set_quickprop_mu
function fann_set_rprop_decrease_factor
function fann_set_rprop_delta_max
function fann_set_rprop_delta_min
function fann_set_rprop_delta_zero
function fann_set_rprop_increase_factor
function fann_set_sarprop_step_error_shift
function fann_set_sarprop_step_error_threshold_factor
function fann_set_sarprop_temperature
function fann_set_sarprop_weight_decay_shift
function fann_set_scaling_params
function fann_set_train_error_function
function fann_set_train_stop_function
function fann_set_training_algorithm
function fann_set_weight_array
function fann_set_weight
function fann_shuffle_train_data
function fann_subset_train_data
function fann_test_data
function fann_test
function fann_train_epoch
function fann_train_on_data
function fann_train_on_file
function fann_train
function fastcgi_finish_request
function fbsql_affected_rows
function fbsql_autocommit
function fbsql_blob_size
function fbsql_change_user
function fbsql_clob_size
function fbsql_close
function fbsql_commit
function fbsql_connect
function fbsql_create_blob
function fbsql_create_clob
function fbsql_create_db
function fbsql_data_seek
function fbsql_database_password
function fbsql_database
function fbsql_db_query
function fbsql_db_status
function fbsql_drop_db
function fbsql_errno
function fbsql_error
function fbsql_fetch_array
function fbsql_fetch_assoc
function fbsql_fetch_field
function fbsql_fetch_lengths
function fbsql_fetch_object
function fbsql_fetch_row
function fbsql_field_flags
function fbsql_field_len
function fbsql_field_name
function fbsql_field_seek
function fbsql_field_table
function fbsql_field_type
function fbsql_free_result
function fbsql_get_autostart_info
function fbsql_hostname
function fbsql_insert_id
function fbsql_list_dbs
function fbsql_list_fields
function fbsql_list_tables
function fbsql_next_result
function fbsql_num_fields
function fbsql_num_rows
function fbsql_password
function fbsql_pconnect
function fbsql_query
function fbsql_read_blob
function fbsql_read_clob
function fbsql_result
function fbsql_rollback
function fbsql_rows_fetched
function fbsql_select_db
function fbsql_set_characterset
function fbsql_set_lob_mode
function fbsql_set_password
function fbsql_set_transaction
function fbsql_start_db
function fbsql_stop_db
function fbsql_table_name
function fbsql_tablename
function fbsql_username
function fbsql_warnings
function fclose
function fdf_add_doc_javascript
function fdf_add_template
function fdf_close
function fdf_create
function fdf_enum_values
function fdf_errno
function fdf_error
function fdf_get_ap
function fdf_get_attachment
function fdf_get_encoding
function fdf_get_file
function fdf_get_flags
function fdf_get_opt
function fdf_get_status
function fdf_get_value
function fdf_get_version
function fdf_header
function fdf_next_field_name
function fdf_open_string
function fdf_open
function fdf_remove_item
function fdf_save_string
function fdf_save
function fdf_set_ap
function fdf_set_encoding
function fdf_set_file
function fdf_set_flags
function fdf_set_javascript_action
function fdf_set_on_import_javascript
function fdf_set_opt
function fdf_set_status
function fdf_set_submit_form_action
function fdf_set_target_frame
function fdf_set_value
function fdf_set_version
function feof
function fflush
function fgetc
function fgetcsv
function fgets
function fgetss
function file_exists
function file_get_contents
function file_put_contents
function file
function fileatime
function filectime
function filegroup
function fileinode
function filemtime
function fileowner
function fileperms
function filepro_fieldcount
function filepro_fieldname
function filepro_fieldtype
function filepro_fieldwidth
function filepro_retrieve
function filepro_rowcount
function filepro
function filesize
function filetype
function filter_has_var
function filter_id
function filter_input_array
function filter_input
function filter_list
function filter_var_array
function filter_var
function finfo_buffer
function finfo_close
function finfo_file
function finfo_open
function finfo_set_flags
function floatval
function flock
function floor
function flush
function fmod
function fnmatch
function fopen
function forward_static_call_array
function forward_static_call
function fpassthru
function fprintf
function fputcsv
function fputs
function fread
function frenchtojd
function fribidi_log2vis
function fscanf
function fseek
function fsockopen
function fstat
function ftell
function ftok
function ftp_alloc
function ftp_append
function ftp_cdup
function ftp_chdir
function ftp_chmod
function ftp_close
function ftp_connect
function ftp_delete
function ftp_exec
function ftp_fget
function ftp_fput
function ftp_get_option
function ftp_get
function ftp_login
function ftp_mdtm
function ftp_mkdir
function ftp_mlsd
function ftp_nb_continue
function ftp_nb_fget
function ftp_nb_fput
function ftp_nb_get
function ftp_nb_put
function ftp_nlist
function ftp_pasv
function ftp_put
function ftp_pwd
function ftp_quit
function ftp_raw
function ftp_rawlist
function ftp_rename
function ftp_rmdir
function ftp_set_option
function ftp_site
function ftp_size
function ftp_ssl_connect
function ftp_systype
function ftruncate
function func_get_arg
function func_get_args
function func_num_args
function function_exists
function fwrite
function gc_collect_cycles
function gc_disable
function gc_enable
function gc_enabled
function gc_mem_caches
function gd_info
function geoip_asnum_by_name
function geoip_continent_code_by_name
function geoip_country_code_by_name
function geoip_country_code3_by_name
function geoip_country_name_by_name
function geoip_database_info
function geoip_db_avail
function geoip_db_filename
function geoip_db_get_all_info
function geoip_domain_by_name
function geoip_id_by_name
function geoip_isp_by_name
function geoip_netspeedcell_by_name
function geoip_org_by_name
function geoip_record_by_name
function geoip_region_by_name
function geoip_region_name_by_code
function geoip_setup_custom_directory
function geoip_time_zone_by_country_and_region
function get_browser
function get_called_class
function get_cfg_var
function get_class_methods
function get_class_vars
function get_class
function get_current_user
function get_declared_classes
function get_declared_interfaces
function get_declared_traits
function get_defined_constants
function get_defined_functions
function get_defined_vars
function get_extension_funcs
function get_headers
function get_html_translation_table
function get_include_path
function get_included_files
function get_loaded_extensions
function get_magic_quotes_gpc
function get_magic_quotes_runtime
function get_meta_tags
function get_object_vars
function get_parent_class
function get_required_files
function get_resource_type
function get_resources
function getallheaders
function getcwd
function getdate
function getenv
function gethostbyaddr
function gethostbyname
function gethostbynamel
function gethostname
function getimagesize
function getimagesizefromstring
function getlastmod
function getmxrr
function getmygid
function getmyinode
function getmypid
function getmyuid
function getopt
function getprotobyname
function getprotobynumber
function getrandmax
function getrusage
function getservbyname
function getservbyport
function gettext
function gettimeofday
function gettype
function glob
function gmdate
function gmmktime
function gmp_abs
function gmp_add
function gmp_and
function gmp_binomial
function gmp_clrbit
function gmp_cmp
function gmp_com
function gmp_div_q
function gmp_div_qr
function gmp_div_r
function gmp_div
function gmp_divexact
function gmp_export
function gmp_fact
function gmp_gcd
function gmp_gcdext
function gmp_hamdist
function gmp_import
function gmp_init
function gmp_intval
function gmp_invert
function gmp_jacobi
function gmp_kronecker
function gmp_lcm
function gmp_legendre
function gmp_mod
function gmp_mul
function gmp_neg
function gmp_nextprime
function gmp_or
function gmp_perfect_power
function gmp_perfect_square
function gmp_popcount
function gmp_pow
function gmp_powm
function gmp_prob_prime
function gmp_random_bits
function gmp_random_range
function gmp_random_seed
function gmp_random
function gmp_root
function gmp_rootrem
function gmp_scan0
function gmp_scan1
function gmp_setbit
function gmp_sign
function gmp_sqrt
function gmp_sqrtrem
function gmp_strval
function gmp_sub
function gmp_testbit
function gmp_xor
function gmstrftime
function gnupg_adddecryptkey
function gnupg_addencryptkey
function gnupg_addsignkey
function gnupg_cleardecryptkeys
function gnupg_clearencryptkeys
function gnupg_clearsignkeys
function gnupg_decrypt
function gnupg_decryptverify
function gnupg_encrypt
function gnupg_encryptsign
function gnupg_export
function gnupg_geterror
function gnupg_getprotocol
function gnupg_import
function gnupg_init
function gnupg_keyinfo
function gnupg_setarmor
function gnupg_seterrormode
function gnupg_setsignmode
function gnupg_sign
function gnupg_verify
function gopher_parsedir
function grapheme_extract
function grapheme_stripos
function grapheme_stristr
function grapheme_strlen
function grapheme_strpos
function grapheme_strripos
function grapheme_strrpos
function grapheme_strstr
function grapheme_substr
function gregoriantojd
function gupnp_context_get_host_ip
function gupnp_context_get_port
function gupnp_context_get_subscription_timeout
function gupnp_context_host_path
function gupnp_context_new
function gupnp_context_set_subscription_timeout
function gupnp_context_timeout_add
function gupnp_context_unhost_path
function gupnp_control_point_browse_start
function gupnp_control_point_browse_stop
function gupnp_control_point_callback_set
function gupnp_control_point_new
function gupnp_device_action_callback_set
function gupnp_device_info_get_service
function gupnp_device_info_get
function gupnp_root_device_get_available
function gupnp_root_device_get_relative_location
function gupnp_root_device_new
function gupnp_root_device_set_available
function gupnp_root_device_start
function gupnp_root_device_stop
function gupnp_service_action_get
function gupnp_service_action_return_error
function gupnp_service_action_return
function gupnp_service_action_set
function gupnp_service_freeze_notify
function gupnp_service_info_get_introspection
function gupnp_service_info_get
function gupnp_service_introspection_get_state_variable
function gupnp_service_notify
function gupnp_service_proxy_action_get
function gupnp_service_proxy_action_set
function gupnp_service_proxy_add_notify
function gupnp_service_proxy_callback_set
function gupnp_service_proxy_get_subscribed
function gupnp_service_proxy_remove_notify
function gupnp_service_proxy_set_subscribed
function gupnp_service_thaw_notify
function gzclose
function gzcompress
function gzdecode
function gzdeflate
function gzencode
function gzeof
function gzfile
function gzgetc
function gzgets
function gzgetss
function gzinflate
function gzopen
function gzpassthru
function gzputs
function gzread
function gzrewind
function gzseek
function gztell
function gzuncompress
function gzwrite
function halt_compiler
function hash_algos
function hash_copy
function hash_equals
function hash_file
function hash_final
function hash_hkdf
function hash_hmac_algos
function hash_hmac_file
function hash_hmac
function hash_init
function hash_pbkdf2
function hash_update_file
function hash_update_stream
function hash_update
function hash
function header_register_callback
function header_remove
function header
function headers_list
function headers_sent
function hebrev
function hebrevc
function hex2bin
function hexdec
function highlight_file
function highlight_string
function hrtime
function html_entity_decode
function htmlentities
function htmlspecialchars_decode
function htmlspecialchars
function http_build_query
function http_response_code
function hwapi_attribute_new
function hwapi_content_new
function hwapi_hgcsp
function hwapi_object_new
function hypot
function ibase_add_user
function ibase_affected_rows
function ibase_backup
function ibase_blob_add
function ibase_blob_cancel
function ibase_blob_close
function ibase_blob_create
function ibase_blob_echo
function ibase_blob_get
function ibase_blob_import
function ibase_blob_info
function ibase_blob_open
function ibase_close
function ibase_commit_ret
function ibase_commit
function ibase_connect
function ibase_db_info
function ibase_delete_user
function ibase_drop_db
function ibase_errcode
function ibase_errmsg
function ibase_execute
function ibase_fetch_assoc
function ibase_fetch_object
function ibase_fetch_row
function ibase_field_info
function ibase_free_event_handler
function ibase_free_query
function ibase_free_result
function ibase_gen_id
function ibase_maintain_db
function ibase_modify_user
function ibase_name_result
function ibase_num_fields
function ibase_num_params
function ibase_param_info
function ibase_pconnect
function ibase_prepare
function ibase_query
function ibase_restore
function ibase_rollback_ret
function ibase_rollback
function ibase_server_info
function ibase_service_attach
function ibase_service_detach
function ibase_set_event_handler
function ibase_trans
function ibase_wait_event
function iconv_get_encoding
function iconv_mime_decode_headers
function iconv_mime_decode
function iconv_mime_encode
function iconv_set_encoding
function iconv_strlen
function iconv_strpos
function iconv_strrpos
function iconv_substr
function iconv
function id3_get_frame_long_name
function id3_get_frame_short_name
function id3_get_genre_id
function id3_get_genre_list
function id3_get_genre_name
function id3_get_tag
function id3_get_version
function id3_remove_tag
function id3_set_tag
function idate
function idn_to_ascii
function idn_to_utf8
function ifx_affected_rows
function ifx_blobinfile_mode
function ifx_byteasvarchar
function ifx_close
function ifx_connect
function ifx_copy_blob
function ifx_create_blob
function ifx_create_char
function ifx_do
function ifx_error
function ifx_errormsg
function ifx_fetch_row
function ifx_fieldproperties
function ifx_fieldtypes
function ifx_free_blob
function ifx_free_char
function ifx_free_result
function ifx_get_blob
function ifx_get_char
function ifx_getsqlca
function ifx_htmltbl_result
function ifx_nullformat
function ifx_num_fields
function ifx_num_rows
function ifx_pconnect
function ifx_prepare
function ifx_query
function ifx_textasvarchar
function ifx_update_blob
function ifx_update_char
function ifxus_close_slob
function ifxus_create_slob
function ifxus_free_slob
function ifxus_open_slob
function ifxus_read_slob
function ifxus_seek_slob
function ifxus_tell_slob
function ifxus_write_slob
function ignore_user_abort
function iis_add_server
function iis_get_dir_security
function iis_get_script_map
function iis_get_server_by_comment
function iis_get_server_by_path
function iis_get_server_rights
function iis_get_service_state
function iis_remove_server
function iis_set_app_settings
function iis_set_dir_security
function iis_set_script_map
function iis_set_server_rights
function iis_start_server
function iis_start_service
function iis_stop_server
function iis_stop_service
function image_type_to_extension
function image_type_to_mime_type
function image2wbmp
function imageaffine
function imageaffinematrixconcat
function imageaffinematrixget
function imagealphablending
function imageantialias
function imagearc
function imagebmp
function imagechar
function imagecharup
function imagecolorallocate
function imagecolorallocatealpha
function imagecolorat
function imagecolorclosest
function imagecolorclosestalpha
function imagecolorclosesthwb
function imagecolordeallocate
function imagecolorexact
function imagecolorexactalpha
function imagecolormatch
function imagecolorresolve
function imagecolorresolvealpha
function imagecolorset
function imagecolorsforindex
function imagecolorstotal
function imagecolortransparent
function imageconvolution
function imagecopy
function imagecopymerge
function imagecopymergegray
function imagecopyresampled
function imagecopyresized
function imagecreate
function imagecreatefrombmp
function imagecreatefromgd
function imagecreatefromgd2
function imagecreatefromgd2part
function imagecreatefromgif
function imagecreatefromjpeg
function imagecreatefrompng
function imagecreatefromstring
function imagecreatefromwbmp
function imagecreatefromwebp
function imagecreatefromxbm
function imagecreatefromxpm
function imagecreatetruecolor
function imagecrop
function imagecropauto
function imagedashedline
function imagedestroy
function imageellipse
function imagefill
function imagefilledarc
function imagefilledellipse
function imagefilledpolygon
function imagefilledrectangle
function imagefilltoborder
function imagefilter
function imageflip
function imagefontheight
function imagefontwidth
function imageftbbox
function imagefttext
function imagegammacorrect
function imagegd
function imagegd2
function imagegetclip
function imagegif
function imagegrabscreen
function imagegrabwindow
function imageinterlace
function imageistruecolor
function imagejpeg
function imagelayereffect
function imageline
function imageloadfont
function imageopenpolygon
function imagepalettecopy
function imagepalettetotruecolor
function imagepng
function imagepolygon
function imagepsbbox
function imagepsencodefont
function imagepsextendfont
function imagepsfreefont
function imagepsloadfont
function imagepsslantfont
function imagepstext
function imagerectangle
function imageresolution
function imagerotate
function imagesavealpha
function imagescale
function imagesetbrush
function imagesetclip
function imagesetinterpolation
function imagesetpixel
function imagesetstyle
function imagesetthickness
function imagesettile
function imagestring
function imagestringup
function imagesx
function imagesy
function imagetruecolortopalette
function imagettfbbox
function imagettftext
function imagetypes
function imagewbmp
function imagewebp
function imagexbm
function imap_8bit
function imap_alerts
function imap_append
function imap_base64
function imap_binary
function imap_body
function imap_bodystruct
function imap_check
function imap_clearflag_full
function imap_close
function imap_create
function imap_createmailbox
function imap_delete
function imap_deletemailbox
function imap_errors
function imap_expunge
function imap_fetch_overview
function imap_fetchbody
function imap_fetchheader
function imap_fetchmime
function imap_fetchstructure
function imap_fetchtext
function imap_gc
function imap_get_quota
function imap_get_quotaroot
function imap_getacl
function imap_getmailboxes
function imap_getsubscribed
function imap_header
function imap_headerinfo
function imap_headers
function imap_last_error
function imap_list
function imap_listmailbox
function imap_listscan
function imap_listsubscribed
function imap_lsub
function imap_mail_compose
function imap_mail_copy
function imap_mail_move
function imap_mail
function imap_mailboxmsginfo
function imap_mime_header_decode
function imap_msgno
function imap_mutf7_to_utf8
function imap_num_msg
function imap_num_recent
function imap_open
function imap_ping
function imap_qprint
function imap_rename
function imap_renamemailbox
function imap_reopen
function imap_rfc822_parse_adrlist
function imap_rfc822_parse_headers
function imap_rfc822_write_address
function imap_savebody
function imap_scan
function imap_scanmailbox
function imap_search
function imap_set_quota
function imap_setacl
function imap_setflag_full
function imap_sort
function imap_status
function imap_subscribe
function imap_thread
function imap_timeout
function imap_uid
function imap_undelete
function imap_unsubscribe
function imap_utf7_decode
function imap_utf7_encode
function imap_utf8_to_mutf7
function imap_utf8
function implode
function import_request_variables
function in_array
function include_once
function include
function inclued_get_data
function inet_ntop
function inet_pton
function inflate_add
function inflate_get_read_len
function inflate_get_status
function inflate_init
function ingres_autocommit_state
function ingres_autocommit
function ingres_charset
function ingres_close
function ingres_commit
function ingres_connect
function ingres_cursor
function ingres_errno
function ingres_error
function ingres_errsqlstate
function ingres_escape_string
function ingres_execute
function ingres_fetch_array
function ingres_fetch_assoc
function ingres_fetch_object
function ingres_fetch_proc_return
function ingres_fetch_row
function ingres_field_length
function ingres_field_name
function ingres_field_nullable
function ingres_field_precision
function ingres_field_scale
function ingres_field_type
function ingres_free_result
function ingres_next_error
function ingres_num_fields
function ingres_num_rows
function ingres_pconnect
function ingres_prepare
function ingres_query
function ingres_result_seek
function ingres_rollback
function ingres_set_environment
function ingres_unbuffered_query
function ini_alter
function ini_get_all
function ini_get
function ini_restore
function ini_set
function inotify_add_watch
function inotify_init
function inotify_queue_len
function inotify_read
function inotify_rm_watch
function intdiv
function interface_exists
function intl_error_name
function intl_get_error_code
function intl_get_error_message
function intl_is_failure
function intval
function ip2long
function iptcembed
function iptcparse
function is_a
function is_array
function is_bool
function is_callable
function is_countable
function is_dir
function is_double
function is_executable
function is_file
function is_finite
function is_float
function is_infinite
function is_int
function is_integer
function is_iterable
function is_link
function is_long
function is_nan
function is_null
function is_numeric
function is_object
function is_readable
function is_real
function is_resource
function is_scalar
function is_soap_fault
function is_string
function is_subclass_of
function is_tainted
function is_uploaded_file
function is_writable
function is_writeable
function isset
function iterator_apply
function iterator_count
function iterator_to_array
function jddayofweek
function jdmonthname
function jdtofrench
function jdtogregorian
function jdtojewish
function jdtojulian
function jdtounix
function jewishtojd
function join
function jpeg2wbmp
function json_decode
function json_encode
function json_last_error_msg
function json_last_error
function judy_type
function judy_version
function juliantojd
function kadm5_chpass_principal
function kadm5_create_principal
function kadm5_delete_principal
function kadm5_destroy
function kadm5_flush
function kadm5_get_policies
function kadm5_get_principal
function kadm5_get_principals
function kadm5_init_with_password
function kadm5_modify_principal
function key_exists
function key
function krsort
function ksort
function lcfirst
function lcg_value
function lchgrp
function lchown
function ldap_8859_to_t61
function ldap_add_ext
function ldap_add
function ldap_bind_ext
function ldap_bind
function ldap_close
function ldap_compare
function ldap_connect
function ldap_control_paged_result_response
function ldap_control_paged_result
function ldap_count_entries
function ldap_delete_ext
function ldap_delete
function ldap_dn2ufn
function ldap_err2str
function ldap_errno
function ldap_error
function ldap_escape
function ldap_exop_passwd
function ldap_exop_refresh
function ldap_exop_whoami
function ldap_exop
function ldap_explode_dn
function ldap_first_attribute
function ldap_first_entry
function ldap_first_reference
function ldap_free_result
function ldap_get_attributes
function ldap_get_dn
function ldap_get_entries
function ldap_get_option
function ldap_get_values_len
function ldap_get_values
function ldap_list
function ldap_mod_add
function ldap_mod_del
function ldap_mod_replace
function ldap_mod_add_ext
function ldap_mod_del_ext
function ldap_mod_replace_ext
function ldap_modify_batch
function ldap_modify
function ldap_next_attribute
function ldap_next_entry
function ldap_next_reference
function ldap_parse_exop
function ldap_parse_reference
function ldap_parse_result
function ldap_read
function ldap_rename_ext
function ldap_rename
function ldap_sasl_bind
function ldap_search
function ldap_set_option
function ldap_set_rebind_proc
function ldap_sort
function ldap_start_tls
function ldap_t61_to_8859
function ldap_unbind
function levenshtein
function libxml_clear_errors
function libxml_disable_entity_loader
function libxml_get_errors
function libxml_get_last_error
function libxml_set_external_entity_loader
function libxml_set_streams_context
function libxml_use_internal_errors
function link
function linkinfo
function list
function localeconv
function localtime
function log_cmd_delete
function log_cmd_insert
function log_cmd_update
function log_getmore
function log_killcursor
function log_reply
function log_write_batch
function log
function log10
function log1p
function long2ip
function lstat
function ltrim
function lzf_compress
function lzf_decompress
function lzf_optimized_for
function m_checkstatus
function m_completeauthorizations
function m_connect
function m_connectionerror
function m_deletetrans
function m_destroyconn
function m_destroyengine
function m_getcell
function m_getcellbynum
function m_getcommadelimited
function m_getheader
function m_initconn
function m_initengine
function m_iscommadelimited
function m_maxconntimeout
function m_monitor
function m_numcolumns
function m_numrows
function m_parsecommadelimited
function m_responsekeys
function m_responseparam
function m_returnstatus
function m_setblocking
function m_setdropfile
function m_setip
function m_setssl_cafile
function m_setssl_files
function m_setssl
function m_settimeout
function m_sslcert_gen_hash
function m_transactionssent
function m_transinqueue
function m_transkeyval
function m_transnew
function m_transsend
function m_uwait
function m_validateidentifier
function m_verifyconnection
function m_verifysslcert
function magic_quotes_runtime
function mail
function mailparse_determine_best_xfer_encoding
function mailparse_msg_create
function mailparse_msg_extract_part_file
function mailparse_msg_extract_part
function mailparse_msg_extract_whole_part_file
function mailparse_msg_free
function mailparse_msg_get_part_data
function mailparse_msg_get_part
function mailparse_msg_get_structure
function mailparse_msg_parse_file
function mailparse_msg_parse
function mailparse_rfc822_parse_addresses
function mailparse_stream_encode
function mailparse_uudecode_all
function main
function max
function maxdb_affected_rows
function maxdb_autocommit
function maxdb_bind_param
function maxdb_bind_result
function maxdb_change_user
function maxdb_character_set_name
function maxdb_client_encoding
function maxdb_close_long_data
function maxdb_close
function maxdb_commit
function maxdb_connect_errno
function maxdb_connect_error
function maxdb_connect
function maxdb_data_seek
function maxdb_debug
function maxdb_disable_reads_from_master
function maxdb_disable_rpl_parse
function maxdb_dump_debug_info
function maxdb_embedded_connect
function maxdb_enable_reads_from_master
function maxdb_enable_rpl_parse
function maxdb_errno
function maxdb_error
function maxdb_escape_string
function maxdb_execute
function maxdb_fetch_array
function maxdb_fetch_assoc
function maxdb_fetch_field_direct
function maxdb_fetch_field
function maxdb_fetch_fields
function maxdb_fetch_lengths
function maxdb_fetch_object
function maxdb_fetch_row
function maxdb_fetch
function maxdb_field_count
function maxdb_field_seek
function maxdb_field_tell
function maxdb_free_result
function maxdb_get_client_info
function maxdb_get_client_version
function maxdb_get_host_info
function maxdb_get_metadata
function maxdb_get_proto_info
function maxdb_get_server_info
function maxdb_get_server_version
function maxdb_info
function maxdb_init
function maxdb_insert_id
function maxdb_kill
function maxdb_master_query
function maxdb_more_results
function maxdb_multi_query
function maxdb_next_result
function maxdb_num_fields
function maxdb_num_rows
function maxdb_options
function maxdb_param_count
function maxdb_ping
function maxdb_prepare
function maxdb_query
function maxdb_real_connect
function maxdb_real_escape_string
function maxdb_real_query
function maxdb_report
function maxdb_rollback
function maxdb_rpl_parse_enabled
function maxdb_rpl_probe
function maxdb_rpl_query_type
function maxdb_select_db
function maxdb_send_long_data
function maxdb_send_query
function maxdb_server_end
function maxdb_server_init
function maxdb_set_opt
function maxdb_sqlstate
function maxdb_ssl_set
function maxdb_stat
function maxdb_stmt_affected_rows
function maxdb_stmt_bind_param
function maxdb_stmt_bind_result
function maxdb_stmt_close_long_data
function maxdb_stmt_close
function maxdb_stmt_data_seek
function maxdb_stmt_errno
function maxdb_stmt_error
function maxdb_stmt_execute
function maxdb_stmt_fetch
function maxdb_stmt_free_result
function maxdb_stmt_init
function maxdb_stmt_num_rows
function maxdb_stmt_param_count
function maxdb_stmt_prepare
function maxdb_stmt_reset
function maxdb_stmt_result_metadata
function maxdb_stmt_send_long_data
function maxdb_stmt_sqlstate
function maxdb_stmt_store_result
function maxdb_store_result
function maxdb_thread_id
function maxdb_thread_safe
function maxdb_use_result
function maxdb_warning_count
function mb_check_encoding
function mb_chr
function mb_convert_case
function mb_convert_encoding
function mb_convert_kana
function mb_convert_variables
function mb_decode_mimeheader
function mb_decode_numericentity
function mb_detect_encoding
function mb_detect_order
function mb_encode_mimeheader
function mb_encode_numericentity
function mb_encoding_aliases
function mb_ereg_match
function mb_ereg_replace_callback
function mb_ereg_replace
function mb_ereg_search_getpos
function mb_ereg_search_getregs
function mb_ereg_search_init
function mb_ereg_search_pos
function mb_ereg_search_regs
function mb_ereg_search_setpos
function mb_ereg_search
function mb_ereg
function mb_eregi_replace
function mb_eregi
function mb_get_info
function mb_http_input
function mb_http_output
function mb_internal_encoding
function mb_language
function mb_list_encodings
function mb_ord
function mb_output_handler
function mb_parse_str
function mb_preferred_mime_name
function mb_regex_encoding
function mb_regex_set_options
function mb_scrub
function mb_send_mail
function mb_split
function mb_strcut
function mb_strimwidth
function mb_stripos
function mb_stristr
function mb_strlen
function mb_strpos
function mb_strrchr
function mb_strrichr
function mb_strripos
function mb_strrpos
function mb_strstr
function mb_strtolower
function mb_strtoupper
function mb_strwidth
function mb_substitute_character
function mb_substr_count
function mb_substr
function mcrypt_cbc
function mcrypt_cfb
function mcrypt_create_iv
function mcrypt_decrypt
function mcrypt_ecb
function mcrypt_enc_get_algorithms_name
function mcrypt_enc_get_block_size
function mcrypt_enc_get_iv_size
function mcrypt_enc_get_key_size
function mcrypt_enc_get_modes_name
function mcrypt_enc_get_supported_key_sizes
function mcrypt_enc_is_block_algorithm_mode
function mcrypt_enc_is_block_algorithm
function mcrypt_enc_is_block_mode
function mcrypt_enc_self_test
function mcrypt_encrypt
function mcrypt_generic_deinit
function mcrypt_generic_end
function mcrypt_generic_init
function mcrypt_generic
function mcrypt_get_block_size
function mcrypt_get_cipher_name
function mcrypt_get_iv_size
function mcrypt_get_key_size
function mcrypt_list_algorithms
function mcrypt_list_modes
function mcrypt_module_close
function mcrypt_module_get_algo_block_size
function mcrypt_module_get_algo_key_size
function mcrypt_module_get_supported_key_sizes
function mcrypt_module_is_block_algorithm_mode
function mcrypt_module_is_block_algorithm
function mcrypt_module_is_block_mode
function mcrypt_module_open
function mcrypt_module_self_test
function mcrypt_ofb
function md5_file
function md5
function mdecrypt_generic
function memcache_debug
function memory_get_peak_usage
function memory_get_usage
function metaphone
function method_exists
function mhash_count
function mhash_get_block_size
function mhash_get_hash_name
function mhash_keygen_s2k
function mhash
function microtime
function mime_content_type
function min
function ming_keypress
function ming_setcubicthreshold
function ming_setscale
function ming_setswfcompression
function ming_useconstants
function ming_useswfversion
function mkdir
function mktime
function money_format
function mongodb bson_fromjson
function mongodb bson_fromphp
function mongodb bson_tocanonicalextendedjson
function mongodb bson_tojson
function mongodb bson_tophp
function mongodb bson_torelaxedextendedjson
function mongodb driver monitoring addsubscriber
function mongodb driver monitoring removesubscriber
function move_uploaded_file
function mqseries_back
function mqseries_begin
function mqseries_close
function mqseries_cmit
function mqseries_conn
function mqseries_connx
function mqseries_disc
function mqseries_get
function mqseries_inq
function mqseries_open
function mqseries_put
function mqseries_put1
function mqseries_set
function mqseries_strerror
function msession_connect
function msession_count
function msession_create
function msession_destroy
function msession_disconnect
function msession_find
function msession_get_array
function msession_get_data
function msession_get
function msession_inc
function msession_list
function msession_listvar
function msession_lock
function msession_plugin
function msession_randstr
function msession_set_array
function msession_set_data
function msession_set
function msession_timeout
function msession_uniq
function msession_unlock
function msg_get_queue
function msg_queue_exists
function msg_receive
function msg_remove_queue
function msg_send
function msg_set_queue
function msg_stat_queue
function msql_affected_rows
function msql_close
function msql_connect
function msql_create_db
function msql_createdb
function msql_data_seek
function msql_db_query
function msql_dbname
function msql_drop_db
function msql_error
function msql_fetch_array
function msql_fetch_field
function msql_fetch_object
function msql_fetch_row
function msql_field_flags
function msql_field_len
function msql_field_name
function msql_field_seek
function msql_field_table
function msql_field_type
function msql_fieldflags
function msql_fieldlen
function msql_fieldname
function msql_fieldtable
function msql_fieldtype
function msql_free_result
function msql_list_dbs
function msql_list_fields
function msql_list_tables
function msql_num_fields
function msql_num_rows
function msql_numfields
function msql_numrows
function msql_pconnect
function msql_query
function msql_regcase
function msql_result
function msql_select_db
function msql_tablename
function msql
function mssql_bind
function mssql_close
function mssql_connect
function mssql_data_seek
function mssql_execute
function mssql_fetch_array
function mssql_fetch_assoc
function mssql_fetch_batch
function mssql_fetch_field
function mssql_fetch_object
function mssql_fetch_row
function mssql_field_length
function mssql_field_name
function mssql_field_seek
function mssql_field_type
function mssql_free_result
function mssql_free_statement
function mssql_get_last_message
function mssql_guid_string
function mssql_init
function mssql_min_error_severity
function mssql_min_message_severity
function mssql_next_result
function mssql_num_fields
function mssql_num_rows
function mssql_pconnect
function mssql_query
function mssql_result
function mssql_rows_affected
function mssql_select_db
function mt_getrandmax
function mt_rand
function mt_srand
function mysql_affected_rows
function mysql_client_encoding
function mysql_close
function mysql_connect
function mysql_create_db
function mysql_data_seek
function mysql_db_name
function mysql_db_query
function mysql_drop_db
function mysql_errno
function mysql_error
function mysql_escape_string
function mysql_fetch_array
function mysql_fetch_assoc
function mysql_fetch_field
function mysql_fetch_lengths
function mysql_fetch_object
function mysql_fetch_row
function mysql_field_flags
function mysql_field_len
function mysql_field_name
function mysql_field_seek
function mysql_field_table
function mysql_field_type
function mysql_free_result
function mysql_get_client_info
function mysql_get_host_info
function mysql_get_proto_info
function mysql_get_server_info
function mysql_info
function mysql_insert_id
function mysql_list_dbs
function mysql_list_fields
function mysql_list_processes
function mysql_list_tables
function mysql_num_fields
function mysql_num_rows
function mysql_pconnect
function mysql_ping
function mysql_query
function mysql_real_escape_string
function mysql_result
function mysql_select_db
function mysql_set_charset
function mysql_stat
function mysql_tablename
function mysql_thread_id
function mysql_unbuffered_query
function mysql_xdevapi_expression
function mysql_xdevapi_getsession
function mysqli_bind_param
function mysqli_bind_result
function mysqli_client_encoding
function mysqli_connect
function mysqli_disable_reads_from_master
function mysqli_disable_rpl_parse
function mysqli_enable_reads_from_master
function mysqli_enable_rpl_parse
function mysqli_escape_string
function mysqli_execute
function mysqli_fetch
function mysqli_get_cache_stats
function mysqli_get_client_stats
function mysqli_get_links_stats
function mysqli_get_metadata
function mysqli_master_query
function mysqli_param_count
function mysqli_report
function mysqli_rpl_parse_enabled
function mysqli_rpl_probe
function mysqli_send_long_data
function mysqli_set_opt
function mysqli_slave_query
function mysqlnd_memcache_get_config
function mysqlnd_memcache_set
function mysqlnd_ms_dump_servers
function mysqlnd_ms_fabric_select_global
function mysqlnd_ms_fabric_select_shard
function mysqlnd_ms_get_last_gtid
function mysqlnd_ms_get_last_used_connection
function mysqlnd_ms_get_stats
function mysqlnd_ms_match_wild
function mysqlnd_ms_query_is_select
function mysqlnd_ms_set_qos
function mysqlnd_ms_set_user_pick_server
function mysqlnd_ms_xa_begin
function mysqlnd_ms_xa_commit
function mysqlnd_ms_xa_gc
function mysqlnd_ms_xa_rollback
function mysqlnd_qc_clear_cache
function mysqlnd_qc_get_available_handlers
function mysqlnd_qc_get_cache_info
function mysqlnd_qc_get_core_stats
function mysqlnd_qc_get_normalized_query_trace_log
function mysqlnd_qc_get_query_trace_log
function mysqlnd_qc_set_cache_condition
function mysqlnd_qc_set_is_select
function mysqlnd_qc_set_storage_handler
function mysqlnd_qc_set_user_handlers
function mysqlnd_uh_convert_to_mysqlnd
function mysqlnd_uh_set_connection_proxy
function mysqlnd_uh_set_statement_proxy
function natcasesort
function natsort
function ncurses_addch
function ncurses_addchnstr
function ncurses_addchstr
function ncurses_addnstr
function ncurses_addstr
function ncurses_assume_default_colors
function ncurses_attroff
function ncurses_attron
function ncurses_attrset
function ncurses_baudrate
function ncurses_beep
function ncurses_bkgd
function ncurses_bkgdset
function ncurses_border
function ncurses_bottom_panel
function ncurses_can_change_color
function ncurses_cbreak
function ncurses_clear
function ncurses_clrtobot
function ncurses_clrtoeol
function ncurses_color_content
function ncurses_color_set
function ncurses_curs_set
function ncurses_def_prog_mode
function ncurses_def_shell_mode
function ncurses_define_key
function ncurses_del_panel
function ncurses_delay_output
function ncurses_delch
function ncurses_deleteln
function ncurses_delwin
function ncurses_doupdate
function ncurses_echo
function ncurses_echochar
function ncurses_end
function ncurses_erase
function ncurses_erasechar
function ncurses_filter
function ncurses_flash
function ncurses_flushinp
function ncurses_getch
function ncurses_getmaxyx
function ncurses_getmouse
function ncurses_getyx
function ncurses_halfdelay
function ncurses_has_colors
function ncurses_has_ic
function ncurses_has_il
function ncurses_has_key
function ncurses_hide_panel
function ncurses_hline
function ncurses_inch
function ncurses_init_color
function ncurses_init_pair
function ncurses_init
function ncurses_insch
function ncurses_insdelln
function ncurses_insertln
function ncurses_insstr
function ncurses_instr
function ncurses_isendwin
function ncurses_keyok
function ncurses_keypad
function ncurses_killchar
function ncurses_longname
function ncurses_meta
function ncurses_mouse_trafo
function ncurses_mouseinterval
function ncurses_mousemask
function ncurses_move_panel
function ncurses_move
function ncurses_mvaddch
function ncurses_mvaddchnstr
function ncurses_mvaddchstr
function ncurses_mvaddnstr
function ncurses_mvaddstr
function ncurses_mvcur
function ncurses_mvdelch
function ncurses_mvgetch
function ncurses_mvhline
function ncurses_mvinch
function ncurses_mvvline
function ncurses_mvwaddstr
function ncurses_napms
function ncurses_new_panel
function ncurses_newpad
function ncurses_newwin
function ncurses_nl
function ncurses_nocbreak
function ncurses_noecho
function ncurses_nonl
function ncurses_noqiflush
function ncurses_noraw
function ncurses_pair_content
function ncurses_panel_above
function ncurses_panel_below
function ncurses_panel_window
function ncurses_pnoutrefresh
function ncurses_prefresh
function ncurses_putp
function ncurses_qiflush
function ncurses_raw
function ncurses_refresh
function ncurses_replace_panel
function ncurses_reset_prog_mode
function ncurses_reset_shell_mode
function ncurses_resetty
function ncurses_savetty
function ncurses_scr_dump
function ncurses_scr_init
function ncurses_scr_restore
function ncurses_scr_set
function ncurses_scrl
function ncurses_show_panel
function ncurses_slk_attr
function ncurses_slk_attroff
function ncurses_slk_attron
function ncurses_slk_attrset
function ncurses_slk_clear
function ncurses_slk_color
function ncurses_slk_init
function ncurses_slk_noutrefresh
function ncurses_slk_refresh
function ncurses_slk_restore
function ncurses_slk_set
function ncurses_slk_touch
function ncurses_standend
function ncurses_standout
function ncurses_start_color
function ncurses_termattrs
function ncurses_termname
function ncurses_timeout
function ncurses_top_panel
function ncurses_typeahead
function ncurses_ungetch
function ncurses_ungetmouse
function ncurses_update_panels
function ncurses_use_default_colors
function ncurses_use_env
function ncurses_use_extended_names
function ncurses_vidattr
function ncurses_vline
function ncurses_waddch
function ncurses_waddstr
function ncurses_wattroff
function ncurses_wattron
function ncurses_wattrset
function ncurses_wborder
function ncurses_wclear
function ncurses_wcolor_set
function ncurses_werase
function ncurses_wgetch
function ncurses_whline
function ncurses_wmouse_trafo
function ncurses_wmove
function ncurses_wnoutrefresh
function ncurses_wrefresh
function ncurses_wstandend
function ncurses_wstandout
function ncurses_wvline
function newt_bell
function newt_button_bar
function newt_button
function newt_centered_window
function newt_checkbox_get_value
function newt_checkbox_set_flags
function newt_checkbox_set_value
function newt_checkbox_tree_add_item
function newt_checkbox_tree_find_item
function newt_checkbox_tree_get_current
function newt_checkbox_tree_get_entry_value
function newt_checkbox_tree_get_multi_selection
function newt_checkbox_tree_get_selection
function newt_checkbox_tree_multi
function newt_checkbox_tree_set_current
function newt_checkbox_tree_set_entry_value
function newt_checkbox_tree_set_entry
function newt_checkbox_tree_set_width
function newt_checkbox_tree
function newt_checkbox
function newt_clear_key_buffer
function newt_cls
function newt_compact_button
function newt_component_add_callback
function newt_component_takes_focus
function newt_create_grid
function newt_cursor_off
function newt_cursor_on
function newt_delay
function newt_draw_form
function newt_draw_root_text
function newt_entry_get_value
function newt_entry_set_filter
function newt_entry_set_flags
function newt_entry_set
function newt_entry
function newt_finished
function newt_form_add_component
function newt_form_add_components
function newt_form_add_hot_key
function newt_form_destroy
function newt_form_get_current
function newt_form_run
function newt_form_set_background
function newt_form_set_height
function newt_form_set_size
function newt_form_set_timer
function newt_form_set_width
function newt_form_watch_fd
function newt_form
function newt_get_screen_size
function newt_grid_add_components_to_form
function newt_grid_basic_window
function newt_grid_free
function newt_grid_get_size
function newt_grid_h_close_stacked
function newt_grid_h_stacked
function newt_grid_place
function newt_grid_set_field
function newt_grid_simple_window
function newt_grid_v_close_stacked
function newt_grid_v_stacked
function newt_grid_wrapped_window_at
function newt_grid_wrapped_window
function newt_init
function newt_label_set_text
function newt_label
function newt_listbox_append_entry
function newt_listbox_clear_selection
function newt_listbox_clear
function newt_listbox_delete_entry
function newt_listbox_get_current
function newt_listbox_get_selection
function newt_listbox_insert_entry
function newt_listbox_item_count
function newt_listbox_select_item
function newt_listbox_set_current_by_key
function newt_listbox_set_current
function newt_listbox_set_data
function newt_listbox_set_entry
function newt_listbox_set_width
function newt_listbox
function newt_listitem_get_data
function newt_listitem_set
function newt_listitem
function newt_open_window
function newt_pop_help_line
function newt_pop_window
function newt_push_help_line
function newt_radio_get_current
function newt_radiobutton
function newt_redraw_help_line
function newt_reflow_text
function newt_refresh
function newt_resize_screen
function newt_resume
function newt_run_form
function newt_scale_set
function newt_scale
function newt_scrollbar_set
function newt_set_help_callback
function newt_set_suspend_callback
function newt_suspend
function newt_textbox_get_num_lines
function newt_textbox_reflowed
function newt_textbox_set_height
function newt_textbox_set_text
function newt_textbox
function newt_vertical_scrollbar
function newt_wait_for_key
function newt_win_choice
function newt_win_entries
function newt_win_menu
function newt_win_message
function newt_win_messagev
function newt_win_ternary
function next
function ngettext
function nl_langinfo
function nl2br
function nsapi_request_headers
function nsapi_response_headers
function nsapi_virtual
function number_format
function oauth_get_sbs
function oauth_urlencode
function ob_clean
function ob_end_clean
function ob_end_flush
function ob_flush
function ob_get_clean
function ob_get_contents
function ob_get_flush
function ob_get_length
function ob_get_level
function ob_get_status
function ob_gzhandler
function ob_iconv_handler
function ob_implicit_flush
function ob_list_handlers
function ob_start
function ob_tidyhandler
function oci_bind_array_by_name
function oci_bind_by_name
function oci_cancel
function oci_client_version
function oci_close
function oci_commit
function oci_connect
function oci_define_by_name
function oci_error
function oci_execute
function oci_fetch_all
function oci_fetch_array
function oci_fetch_assoc
function oci_fetch_object
function oci_fetch_row
function oci_fetch
function oci_field_is_null
function oci_field_name
function oci_field_precision
function oci_field_scale
function oci_field_size
function oci_field_type_raw
function oci_field_type
function oci_free_descriptor
function oci_free_statement
function oci_get_implicit_resultset
function oci_internal_debug
function oci_lob_copy
function oci_lob_is_equal
function oci_new_collection
function oci_new_connect
function oci_new_cursor
function oci_new_descriptor
function oci_num_fields
function oci_num_rows
function oci_parse
function oci_password_change
function oci_pconnect
function oci_register_taf_callback
function oci_result
function oci_rollback
function oci_server_version
function oci_set_action
function oci_set_call_timout
function oci_set_client_identifier
function oci_set_client_info
function oci_set_db_operation
function oci_set_edition
function oci_set_module_name
function oci_set_prefetch
function oci_statement_type
function oci_unregister_taf_callback
function ocibindbyname
function ocicancel
function ocicloselob
function ocicollappend
function ocicollassign
function ocicollassignelem
function ocicollgetelem
function ocicollmax
function ocicollsize
function ocicolltrim
function ocicolumnisnull
function ocicolumnname
function ocicolumnprecision
function ocicolumnscale
function ocicolumnsize
function ocicolumntype
function ocicolumntyperaw
function ocicommit
function ocidefinebyname
function ocierror
function ociexecute
function ocifetch
function ocifetchinto
function ocifetchstatement
function ocifreecollection
function ocifreecursor
function ocifreedesc
function ocifreestatement
function ociinternaldebug
function ociloadlob
function ocilogoff
function ocilogon
function ocinewcollection
function ocinewcursor
function ocinewdescriptor
function ocinlogon
function ocinumcols
function ociparse
function ociplogon
function ociresult
function ocirollback
function ocirowcount
function ocisavelob
function ocisavelobfile
function ociserverversion
function ocisetprefetch
function ocistatementtype
function ociwritelobtofile
function ociwritetemporarylob
function octdec
function odbc_autocommit
function odbc_binmode
function odbc_close_all
function odbc_close
function odbc_columnprivileges
function odbc_columns
function odbc_commit
function odbc_connect
function odbc_cursor
function odbc_data_source
function odbc_do
function odbc_error
function odbc_errormsg
function odbc_exec
function odbc_execute
function odbc_fetch_array
function odbc_fetch_into
function odbc_fetch_object
function odbc_fetch_row
function odbc_field_len
function odbc_field_name
function odbc_field_num
function odbc_field_precision
function odbc_field_scale
function odbc_field_type
function odbc_foreignkeys
function odbc_free_result
function odbc_gettypeinfo
function odbc_longreadlen
function odbc_next_result
function odbc_num_fields
function odbc_num_rows
function odbc_pconnect
function odbc_prepare
function odbc_primarykeys
function odbc_procedurecolumns
function odbc_procedures
function odbc_result_all
function odbc_result
function odbc_rollback
function odbc_setoption
function odbc_specialcolumns
function odbc_statistics
function odbc_tableprivileges
function odbc_tables
function opcache_compile_file
function opcache_get_configuration
function opcache_get_status
function opcache_invalidate
function opcache_is_script_cached
function opcache_reset
function openal_buffer_create
function openal_buffer_data
function openal_buffer_destroy
function openal_buffer_get
function openal_buffer_loadwav
function openal_context_create
function openal_context_current
function openal_context_destroy
function openal_context_process
function openal_context_suspend
function openal_device_close
function openal_device_open
function openal_listener_get
function openal_listener_set
function openal_source_create
function openal_source_destroy
function openal_source_get
function openal_source_pause
function openal_source_play
function openal_source_rewind
function openal_source_set
function openal_source_stop
function openal_stream
function opendir
function openlog
function openssl_cipher_iv_length
function openssl_csr_export_to_file
function openssl_csr_export
function openssl_csr_get_public_key
function openssl_csr_get_subject
function openssl_csr_new
function openssl_csr_sign
function openssl_decrypt
function openssl_dh_compute_key
function openssl_digest
function openssl_encrypt
function openssl_error_string
function openssl_free_key
function openssl_get_cert_locations
function openssl_get_cipher_methods
function openssl_get_curve_names
function openssl_get_md_methods
function openssl_get_privatekey
function openssl_get_publickey
function openssl_open
function openssl_pbkdf2
function openssl_pkcs12_export_to_file
function openssl_pkcs12_export
function openssl_pkcs12_read
function openssl_pkcs7_decrypt
function openssl_pkcs7_encrypt
function openssl_pkcs7_read
function openssl_pkcs7_sign
function openssl_pkcs7_verify
function openssl_pkey_export_to_file
function openssl_pkey_export
function openssl_pkey_free
function openssl_pkey_get_details
function openssl_pkey_get_private
function openssl_pkey_get_public
function openssl_pkey_new
function openssl_private_decrypt
function openssl_private_encrypt
function openssl_public_decrypt
function openssl_public_encrypt
function openssl_random_pseudo_bytes
function openssl_seal
function openssl_sign
function openssl_spki_export_challenge
function openssl_spki_export
function openssl_spki_new
function openssl_spki_verify
function openssl_verify
function openssl_x509_check_private_key
function openssl_x509_checkpurpose
function openssl_x509_export_to_file
function openssl_x509_export
function openssl_x509_fingerprint
function openssl_x509_free
function openssl_x509_parse
function openssl_x509_read
function ord
function output_add_rewrite_var
function output_reset_rewrite_vars
function override_function
function pack
function parse_ini_file
function parse_ini_string
function parse_str
function parse_url
function parsekit_compile_file
function parsekit_compile_string
function parsekit_func_arginfo
function passthru
function password_get_info
function password_hash
function password_needs_rehash
function password_verify
function pathinfo
function pclose
function pcntl_alarm
function pcntl_async_signals
function pcntl_errno
function pcntl_exec
function pcntl_fork
function pcntl_get_last_error
function pcntl_getpriority
function pcntl_setpriority
function pcntl_signal_dispatch
function pcntl_signal_get_handler
function pcntl_signal
function pcntl_sigprocmask
function pcntl_sigtimedwait
function pcntl_sigwaitinfo
function pcntl_strerror
function pcntl_wait
function pcntl_waitpid
function pcntl_wexitstatus
function pcntl_wifexited
function pcntl_wifsignaled
function pcntl_wifstopped
function pcntl_wstopsig
function pcntl_wtermsig
function pdf_activate_item
function pdf_add_annotation
function pdf_add_bookmark
function pdf_add_launchlink
function pdf_add_locallink
function pdf_add_nameddest
function pdf_add_note
function pdf_add_outline
function pdf_add_pdflink
function pdf_add_table_cell
function pdf_add_textflow
function pdf_add_thumbnail
function pdf_add_weblink
function pdf_arc
function pdf_arcn
function pdf_attach_file
function pdf_begin_document
function pdf_begin_font
function pdf_begin_glyph
function pdf_begin_item
function pdf_begin_layer
function pdf_begin_page_ext
function pdf_begin_page
function pdf_begin_pattern
function pdf_begin_template_ext
function pdf_begin_template
function pdf_circle
function pdf_clip
function pdf_close_image
function pdf_close_pdi_page
function pdf_close_pdi
function pdf_close
function pdf_closepath_fill_stroke
function pdf_closepath_stroke
function pdf_closepath
function pdf_concat
function pdf_continue_text
function pdf_create_3dview
function pdf_create_action
function pdf_create_annotation
function pdf_create_bookmark
function pdf_create_field
function pdf_create_fieldgroup
function pdf_create_gstate
function pdf_create_pvf
function pdf_create_textflow
function pdf_curveto
function pdf_define_layer
function pdf_delete_pvf
function pdf_delete_table
function pdf_delete_textflow
function pdf_delete
function pdf_encoding_set_char
function pdf_end_document
function pdf_end_font
function pdf_end_glyph
function pdf_end_item
function pdf_end_layer
function pdf_end_page_ext
function pdf_end_page
function pdf_end_pattern
function pdf_end_template
function pdf_endpath
function pdf_fill_imageblock
function pdf_fill_pdfblock
function pdf_fill_stroke
function pdf_fill_textblock
function pdf_fill
function pdf_findfont
function pdf_fit_image
function pdf_fit_pdi_page
function pdf_fit_table
function pdf_fit_textflow
function pdf_fit_textline
function pdf_get_apiname
function pdf_get_buffer
function pdf_get_errmsg
function pdf_get_errnum
function pdf_get_font
function pdf_get_fontname
function pdf_get_fontsize
function pdf_get_image_height
function pdf_get_image_width
function pdf_get_majorversion
function pdf_get_minorversion
function pdf_get_parameter
function pdf_get_pdi_parameter
function pdf_get_pdi_value
function pdf_get_value
function pdf_info_font
function pdf_info_matchbox
function pdf_info_table
function pdf_info_textflow
function pdf_info_textline
function pdf_initgraphics
function pdf_lineto
function pdf_load_3ddata
function pdf_load_font
function pdf_load_iccprofile
function pdf_load_image
function pdf_makespotcolor
function pdf_moveto
function pdf_new
function pdf_open_ccitt
function pdf_open_file
function pdf_open_gif
function pdf_open_image_file
function pdf_open_image
function pdf_open_jpeg
function pdf_open_memory_image
function pdf_open_pdi_document
function pdf_open_pdi_page
function pdf_open_pdi
function pdf_open_tiff
function pdf_pcos_get_number
function pdf_pcos_get_stream
function pdf_pcos_get_string
function pdf_place_image
function pdf_place_pdi_page
function pdf_process_pdi
function pdf_rect
function pdf_restore
function pdf_resume_page
function pdf_rotate
function pdf_save
function pdf_scale
function pdf_set_border_color
function pdf_set_border_dash
function pdf_set_border_style
function pdf_set_char_spacing
function pdf_set_duration
function pdf_set_gstate
function pdf_set_horiz_scaling
function pdf_set_info_author
function pdf_set_info_creator
function pdf_set_info_keywords
function pdf_set_info_subject
function pdf_set_info_title
function pdf_set_info
function pdf_set_layer_dependency
function pdf_set_leading
function pdf_set_parameter
function pdf_set_text_matrix
function pdf_set_text_pos
function pdf_set_text_rendering
function pdf_set_text_rise
function pdf_set_value
function pdf_set_word_spacing
function pdf_setcolor
function pdf_setdash
function pdf_setdashpattern
function pdf_setflat
function pdf_setfont
function pdf_setgray_fill
function pdf_setgray_stroke
function pdf_setgray
function pdf_setlinecap
function pdf_setlinejoin
function pdf_setlinewidth
function pdf_setmatrix
function pdf_setmiterlimit
function pdf_setpolydash
function pdf_setrgbcolor_fill
function pdf_setrgbcolor_stroke
function pdf_setrgbcolor
function pdf_shading_pattern
function pdf_shading
function pdf_shfill
function pdf_show_boxed
function pdf_show_xy
function pdf_show
function pdf_skew
function pdf_stringwidth
function pdf_stroke
function pdf_suspend_page
function pdf_translate
function pdf_utf16_to_utf8
function pdf_utf32_to_utf16
function pdf_utf8_to_utf16
function pfsockopen
function pg_affected_rows
function pg_cancel_query
function pg_client_encoding
function pg_close
function pg_connect_poll
function pg_connect
function pg_connection_busy
function pg_connection_reset
function pg_connection_status
function pg_consume_input
function pg_convert
function pg_copy_from
function pg_copy_to
function pg_dbname
function pg_delete
function pg_end_copy
function pg_escape_bytea
function pg_escape_identifier
function pg_escape_literal
function pg_escape_string
function pg_execute
function pg_fetch_all_columns
function pg_fetch_all
function pg_fetch_array
function pg_fetch_assoc
function pg_fetch_object
function pg_fetch_result
function pg_fetch_row
function pg_field_is_null
function pg_field_name
function pg_field_num
function pg_field_prtlen
function pg_field_size
function pg_field_table
function pg_field_type_oid
function pg_field_type
function pg_flush
function pg_free_result
function pg_get_notify
function pg_get_pid
function pg_get_result
function pg_host
function pg_insert
function pg_last_error
function pg_last_notice
function pg_last_oid
function pg_lo_close
function pg_lo_create
function pg_lo_export
function pg_lo_import
function pg_lo_open
function pg_lo_read_all
function pg_lo_read
function pg_lo_seek
function pg_lo_tell
function pg_lo_truncate
function pg_lo_unlink
function pg_lo_write
function pg_meta_data
function pg_num_fields
function pg_num_rows
function pg_options
function pg_parameter_status
function pg_pconnect
function pg_ping
function pg_port
function pg_prepare
function pg_put_line
function pg_query_params
function pg_query
function pg_result_error_field
function pg_result_error
function pg_result_seek
function pg_result_status
function pg_select
function pg_send_execute
function pg_send_prepare
function pg_send_query_params
function pg_send_query
function pg_set_client_encoding
function pg_set_error_verbosity
function pg_socket
function pg_trace
function pg_transaction_status
function pg_tty
function pg_unescape_bytea
function pg_untrace
function pg_update
function pg_version
function php_check_syntax
function php_ini_loaded_file
function php_ini_scanned_files
function php_logo_guid
function php_sapi_name
function php_strip_whitespace
function php_uname
function phpcredits
function phpdbg_break_file
function phpdbg_break_function
function phpdbg_break_method
function phpdbg_break_next
function phpdbg_clear
function phpdbg_color
function phpdbg_end_oplog
function phpdbg_exec
function phpdbg_get_executable
function phpdbg_prompt
function phpdbg_start_oplog
function phpinfo
function phpversion
function pi
function png2wbmp
function popen
function pos
function posix_access
function posix_ctermid
function posix_errno
function posix_get_last_error
function posix_getcwd
function posix_getegid
function posix_geteuid
function posix_getgid
function posix_getgrgid
function posix_getgrnam
function posix_getgroups
function posix_getlogin
function posix_getpgid
function posix_getpgrp
function posix_getpid
function posix_getppid
function posix_getpwnam
function posix_getpwuid
function posix_getrlimit
function posix_getsid
function posix_getuid
function posix_initgroups
function posix_isatty
function posix_kill
function posix_mkfifo
function posix_mknod
function posix_setegid
function posix_seteuid
function posix_setgid
function posix_setpgid
function posix_setrlimit
function posix_setsid
function posix_setuid
function posix_strerror
function posix_times
function posix_ttyname
function posix_uname
function pow
function preg_filter
function preg_grep
function preg_last_error
function preg_match_all
function preg_match
function preg_quote
function preg_replace_callback_array
function preg_replace_callback
function preg_replace
function preg_split
function prev
function print_r
function print
function printf
function proc_close
function proc_get_status
function proc_nice
function proc_open
function proc_terminate
function property_exists
function ps_add_bookmark
function ps_add_launchlink
function ps_add_locallink
function ps_add_note
function ps_add_pdflink
function ps_add_weblink
function ps_arc
function ps_arcn
function ps_begin_page
function ps_begin_pattern
function ps_begin_template
function ps_circle
function ps_clip
function ps_close_image
function ps_close
function ps_closepath_stroke
function ps_closepath
function ps_continue_text
function ps_curveto
function ps_delete
function ps_end_page
function ps_end_pattern
function ps_end_template
function ps_fill_stroke
function ps_fill
function ps_findfont
function ps_get_buffer
function ps_get_parameter
function ps_get_value
function ps_hyphenate
function ps_include_file
function ps_lineto
function ps_makespotcolor
function ps_moveto
function ps_new
function ps_open_file
function ps_open_image_file
function ps_open_image
function ps_open_memory_image
function ps_place_image
function ps_rect
function ps_restore
function ps_rotate
function ps_save
function ps_scale
function ps_set_border_color
function ps_set_border_dash
function ps_set_border_style
function ps_set_info
function ps_set_parameter
function ps_set_text_pos
function ps_set_value
function ps_setcolor
function ps_setdash
function ps_setflat
function ps_setfont
function ps_setgray
function ps_setlinecap
function ps_setlinejoin
function ps_setlinewidth
function ps_setmiterlimit
function ps_setoverprintmode
function ps_setpolydash
function ps_shading_pattern
function ps_shading
function ps_shfill
function ps_show_boxed
function ps_show_xy
function ps_show_xy2
function ps_show
function ps_show2
function ps_string_geometry
function ps_stringwidth
function ps_stroke
function ps_symbol_name
function ps_symbol_width
function ps_symbol
function ps_translate
function pspell_add_to_personal
function pspell_add_to_session
function pspell_check
function pspell_clear_session
function pspell_config_create
function pspell_config_data_dir
function pspell_config_dict_dir
function pspell_config_ignore
function pspell_config_mode
function pspell_config_personal
function pspell_config_repl
function pspell_config_runtogether
function pspell_config_save_repl
function pspell_new_config
function pspell_new_personal
function pspell_new
function pspell_save_wordlist
function pspell_store_replacement
function pspell_suggest
function putenv
function px_close
function px_create_fp
function px_date2string
function px_delete_record
function px_delete
function px_get_field
function px_get_info
function px_get_parameter
function px_get_record
function px_get_schema
function px_get_value
function px_insert_record
function px_new
function px_numfields
function px_numrecords
function px_open_fp
function px_put_record
function px_retrieve_record
function px_set_blob_file
function px_set_parameter
function px_set_tablename
function px_set_targetencoding
function px_set_value
function px_timestamp2string
function px_update_record
function quoted_printable_decode
function quoted_printable_encode
function quotemeta
function rad2deg
function radius_acct_open
function radius_add_server
function radius_auth_open
function radius_close
function radius_config
function radius_create_request
function radius_cvt_addr
function radius_cvt_int
function radius_cvt_string
function radius_demangle_mppe_key
function radius_demangle
function radius_get_attr
function radius_get_tagged_attr_data
function radius_get_tagged_attr_tag
function radius_get_vendor_attr
function radius_put_addr
function radius_put_attr
function radius_put_int
function radius_put_string
function radius_put_vendor_addr
function radius_put_vendor_attr
function radius_put_vendor_int
function radius_put_vendor_string
function radius_request_authenticator
function radius_salt_encrypt_attr
function radius_send_request
function radius_server_secret
function radius_strerror
function rand
function random_bytes
function random_int
function range
function rar_wrapper_cache_stats
function rawurldecode
function rawurlencode
function read_exif_data
function readdir
function readfile
function readgzfile
function readline_add_history
function readline_callback_handler_install
function readline_callback_handler_remove
function readline_callback_read_char
function readline_clear_history
function readline_completion_function
function readline_info
function readline_list_history
function readline_on_new_line
function readline_read_history
function readline_redisplay
function readline_write_history
function readline
function readlink
function realpath_cache_get
function realpath_cache_size
function realpath
function recode_file
function recode_string
function recode
function register_shutdown_function
function register_tick_function
function rename_function
function rename
function require_once
function require
function reset
function restore_error_handler
function restore_exception_handler
function restore_include_path
function return
function rewind
function rewinddir
function rmdir
function round
function rpm_close
function rpm_get_tag
function rpm_is_valid
function rpm_open
function rpm_version
function rrd_create
function rrd_error
function rrd_fetch
function rrd_first
function rrd_graph
function rrd_info
function rrd_last
function rrd_lastupdate
function rrd_restore
function rrd_tune
function rrd_update
function rrd_version
function rrd_xport
function rrdc_disconnect
function rsort
function rtrim
function runkit_class_adopt
function runkit_class_emancipate
function runkit_constant_add
function runkit_constant_redefine
function runkit_constant_remove
function runkit_function_add
function runkit_function_copy
function runkit_function_redefine
function runkit_function_remove
function runkit_function_rename
function runkit_import
function runkit_lint_file
function runkit_lint
function runkit_method_add
function runkit_method_copy
function runkit_method_redefine
function runkit_method_remove
function runkit_method_rename
function runkit_return_value_used
function runkit_sandbox_output_handler
function runkit_superglobals
function sapi_windows_cp_conv
function sapi_windows_cp_get
function sapi_windows_cp_is_utf8
function sapi_windows_cp_set
function sapi_windows_vt100_support
function scandir
function seaslog_get_author
function seaslog_get_version
function sem_acquire
function sem_get
function sem_release
function sem_remove
function serialize
function session_abort
function session_cache_expire
function session_cache_limiter
function session_commit
function session_create_id
function session_decode
function session_destroy
function session_encode
function session_gc
function session_get_cookie_params
function session_id
function session_is_registered
function session_module_name
function session_name
function session_pgsql_add_error
function session_pgsql_get_error
function session_pgsql_get_field
function session_pgsql_reset
function session_pgsql_set_field
function session_pgsql_status
function session_regenerate_id
function session_register_shutdown
function session_register
function session_reset
function session_save_path
function session_set_cookie_params
function session_set_save_handler
function session_start
function session_status
function session_unregister
function session_unset
function session_write_close
function set_error_handler
function set_exception_handler
function set_file_buffer
function set_include_path
function set_magic_quotes_runtime
function set_socket_blocking
function set_time_limit
function setcookie
function setlocale
function setproctitle
function setrawcookie
function setthreadtitle
function settype
function sha1_file
function sha1
function shell_exec
function shm_attach
function shm_detach
function shm_get_var
function shm_has_var
function shm_put_var
function shm_remove_var
function shm_remove
function shmop_close
function shmop_delete
function shmop_open
function shmop_read
function shmop_size
function shmop_write
function show_source
function shuffle
function similar_text
function simplexml_import_dom
function simplexml_load_file
function simplexml_load_string
function sin
function sinh
function sizeof
function sleep
function snmp_get_quick_print
function snmp_get_valueretrieval
function snmp_read_mib
function snmp_set_enum_print
function snmp_set_oid_numeric_print
function snmp_set_oid_output_format
function snmp_set_quick_print
function snmp_set_valueretrieval
function snmp2_get
function snmp2_getnext
function snmp2_real_walk
function snmp2_set
function snmp2_walk
function snmp3_get
function snmp3_getnext
function snmp3_real_walk
function snmp3_set
function snmp3_walk
function snmpget
function snmpgetnext
function snmprealwalk
function snmpset
function snmpwalk
function snmpwalkoid
function socket_accept
function socket_addrinfo_bind
function socket_addrinfo_connect
function socket_addrinfo_explain
function socket_addrinfo_lookup
function socket_bind
function socket_clear_error
function socket_close
function socket_cmsg_space
function socket_connect
function socket_create_listen
function socket_create_pair
function socket_create
function socket_export_stream
function socket_get_option
function socket_get_status
function socket_getopt
function socket_getpeername
function socket_getsockname
function socket_import_stream
function socket_last_error
function socket_listen
function socket_read
function socket_recv
function socket_recvfrom
function socket_recvmsg
function socket_select
function socket_send
function socket_sendmsg
function socket_sendto
function socket_set_block
function socket_set_blocking
function socket_set_nonblock
function socket_set_option
function socket_set_timeout
function socket_setopt
function socket_shutdown
function socket_strerror
function socket_write
function sodium_add
function sodium_base642bin
function sodium_bin2base64
function sodium_bin2hex
function sodium_compare
function sodium_crypto_aead_aes256gcm_decrypt
function sodium_crypto_aead_aes256gcm_encrypt
function sodium_crypto_aead_aes256gcm_is_available
function sodium_crypto_aead_aes256gcm_keygen
function sodium_crypto_aead_chacha20poly1305_decrypt
function sodium_crypto_aead_chacha20poly1305_encrypt
function sodium_crypto_aead_chacha20poly1305_ietf_decrypt
function sodium_crypto_aead_chacha20poly1305_ietf_encrypt
function sodium_crypto_aead_chacha20poly1305_ietf_keygen
function sodium_crypto_aead_chacha20poly1305_keygen
function sodium_crypto_aead_xchacha20poly1305_ietf_decrypt
function sodium_crypto_aead_xchacha20poly1305_ietf_encrypt
function sodium_crypto_aead_xchacha20poly1305_ietf_keygen
function sodium_crypto_auth_keygen
function sodium_crypto_auth_verify
function sodium_crypto_auth
function sodium_crypto_box_keypair_from_secretkey_and_publickey
function sodium_crypto_box_keypair
function sodium_crypto_box_open
function sodium_crypto_box_publickey_from_secretkey
function sodium_crypto_box_publickey
function sodium_crypto_box_seal_open
function sodium_crypto_box_seal
function sodium_crypto_box_secretkey
function sodium_crypto_box_seed_keypair
function sodium_crypto_box
function sodium_crypto_generichash_final
function sodium_crypto_generichash_init
function sodium_crypto_generichash_keygen
function sodium_crypto_generichash_update
function sodium_crypto_generichash
function sodium_crypto_kdf_derive_from_key
function sodium_crypto_kdf_keygen
function sodium_crypto_kx_client_session_keys
function sodium_crypto_kx_keypair
function sodium_crypto_kx_publickey
function sodium_crypto_kx_secretkey
function sodium_crypto_kx_seed_keypair
function sodium_crypto_kx_server_session_keys
function sodium_crypto_pwhash_scryptsalsa208sha256_str_verify
function sodium_crypto_pwhash_scryptsalsa208sha256_str
function sodium_crypto_pwhash_scryptsalsa208sha256
function sodium_crypto_pwhash_str_needs_rehash
function sodium_crypto_pwhash_str_verify
function sodium_crypto_pwhash_str
function sodium_crypto_pwhash
function sodium_crypto_scalarmult_base
function sodium_crypto_scalarmult
function sodium_crypto_secretbox_keygen
function sodium_crypto_secretbox_open
function sodium_crypto_secretbox
function sodium_crypto_secretstream_xchacha20poly1305_init_pull
function sodium_crypto_secretstream_xchacha20poly1305_init_push
function sodium_crypto_secretstream_xchacha20poly1305_keygen
function sodium_crypto_secretstream_xchacha20poly1305_pull
function sodium_crypto_secretstream_xchacha20poly1305_push
function sodium_crypto_secretstream_xchacha20poly1305_rekey
function sodium_crypto_shorthash_keygen
function sodium_crypto_shorthash
function sodium_crypto_sign_detached
function sodium_crypto_sign_ed25519_pk_to_curve25519
function sodium_crypto_sign_ed25519_sk_to_curve25519
function sodium_crypto_sign_keypair_from_secretkey_and_publickey
function sodium_crypto_sign_keypair
function sodium_crypto_sign_open
function sodium_crypto_sign_publickey_from_secretkey
function sodium_crypto_sign_publickey
function sodium_crypto_sign_secretkey
function sodium_crypto_sign_seed_keypair
function sodium_crypto_sign_verify_detached
function sodium_crypto_sign
function sodium_crypto_stream_keygen
function sodium_crypto_stream_xor
function sodium_crypto_stream
function sodium_hex2bin
function sodium_increment
function sodium_memcmp
function sodium_memzero
function sodium_pad
function sodium_unpad
function solr_get_version
function sort
function soundex
function spl_autoload_call
function spl_autoload_extensions
function spl_autoload_functions
function spl_autoload_register
function spl_autoload_unregister
function spl_autoload
function spl_classes
function spl_object_hash
function spl_object_id
function split
function spliti
function sprintf
function sql_regcase
function sqlite_array_query
function sqlite_busy_timeout
function sqlite_changes
function sqlite_close
function sqlite_column
function sqlite_create_aggregate
function sqlite_create_function
function sqlite_current
function sqlite_error_string
function sqlite_escape_string
function sqlite_exec
function sqlite_factory
function sqlite_fetch_all
function sqlite_fetch_array
function sqlite_fetch_column_types
function sqlite_fetch_object
function sqlite_fetch_single
function sqlite_fetch_string
function sqlite_field_name
function sqlite_has_more
function sqlite_has_prev
function sqlite_key
function sqlite_last_error
function sqlite_last_insert_rowid
function sqlite_libencoding
function sqlite_libversion
function sqlite_next
function sqlite_num_fields
function sqlite_num_rows
function sqlite_open
function sqlite_popen
function sqlite_prev
function sqlite_query
function sqlite_rewind
function sqlite_seek
function sqlite_single_query
function sqlite_udf_decode_binary
function sqlite_udf_encode_binary
function sqlite_unbuffered_query
function sqlite_valid
function sqlsrv_begin_transaction
function sqlsrv_cancel
function sqlsrv_client_info
function sqlsrv_close
function sqlsrv_commit
function sqlsrv_configure
function sqlsrv_connect
function sqlsrv_errors
function sqlsrv_execute
function sqlsrv_fetch_array
function sqlsrv_fetch_object
function sqlsrv_fetch
function sqlsrv_field_metadata
function sqlsrv_free_stmt
function sqlsrv_get_config
function sqlsrv_get_field
function sqlsrv_has_rows
function sqlsrv_next_result
function sqlsrv_num_fields
function sqlsrv_num_rows
function sqlsrv_prepare
function sqlsrv_query
function sqlsrv_rollback
function sqlsrv_rows_affected
function sqlsrv_send_stream_data
function sqlsrv_server_info
function sqrt
function srand
function sscanf
function ssdeep_fuzzy_compare
function ssdeep_fuzzy_hash_filename
function ssdeep_fuzzy_hash
function ssh2_auth_agent
function ssh2_auth_hostbased_file
function ssh2_auth_none
function ssh2_auth_password
function ssh2_auth_pubkey_file
function ssh2_connect
function ssh2_disconnect
function ssh2_exec
function ssh2_fetch_stream
function ssh2_fingerprint
function ssh2_methods_negotiated
function ssh2_publickey_add
function ssh2_publickey_init
function ssh2_publickey_list
function ssh2_publickey_remove
function ssh2_scp_recv
function ssh2_scp_send
function ssh2_sftp_chmod
function ssh2_sftp_lstat
function ssh2_sftp_mkdir
function ssh2_sftp_readlink
function ssh2_sftp_realpath
function ssh2_sftp_rename
function ssh2_sftp_rmdir
function ssh2_sftp_stat
function ssh2_sftp_symlink
function ssh2_sftp_unlink
function ssh2_sftp
function ssh2_shell
function ssh2_tunnel
function stat
function stats_absolute_deviation
function stats_cdf_beta
function stats_cdf_binomial
function stats_cdf_cauchy
function stats_cdf_chisquare
function stats_cdf_exponential
function stats_cdf_f
function stats_cdf_gamma
function stats_cdf_laplace
function stats_cdf_logistic
function stats_cdf_negative_binomial
function stats_cdf_noncentral_chisquare
function stats_cdf_noncentral_f
function stats_cdf_noncentral_t
function stats_cdf_normal
function stats_cdf_poisson
function stats_cdf_t
function stats_cdf_uniform
function stats_cdf_weibull
function stats_covariance
function stats_dens_beta
function stats_dens_cauchy
function stats_dens_chisquare
function stats_dens_exponential
function stats_dens_f
function stats_dens_gamma
function stats_dens_laplace
function stats_dens_logistic
function stats_dens_normal
function stats_dens_pmf_binomial
function stats_dens_pmf_hypergeometric
function stats_dens_pmf_negative_binomial
function stats_dens_pmf_poisson
function stats_dens_t
function stats_dens_uniform
function stats_dens_weibull
function stats_harmonic_mean
function stats_kurtosis
function stats_rand_gen_beta
function stats_rand_gen_chisquare
function stats_rand_gen_exponential
function stats_rand_gen_f
function stats_rand_gen_funiform
function stats_rand_gen_gamma
function stats_rand_gen_ibinomial_negative
function stats_rand_gen_ibinomial
function stats_rand_gen_int
function stats_rand_gen_ipoisson
function stats_rand_gen_iuniform
function stats_rand_gen_noncenral_chisquare
function stats_rand_gen_noncentral_chisquare
function stats_rand_gen_noncentral_f
function stats_rand_gen_noncentral_t
function stats_rand_gen_normal
function stats_rand_gen_t
function stats_rand_get_seeds
function stats_rand_phrase_to_seeds
function stats_rand_ranf
function stats_rand_setall
function stats_skew
function stats_standard_deviation
function stats_stat_binomial_coef
function stats_stat_correlation
function stats_stat_factorial
function stats_stat_independent_t
function stats_stat_innerproduct
function stats_stat_paired_t
function stats_stat_percentile
function stats_stat_powersum
function stats_variance
function stomp_connect_error
function stomp_version
function str_getcsv
function str_ireplace
function str_pad
function str_repeat
function str_replace
function str_rot13
function str_shuffle
function str_split
function str_word_count
function strcasecmp
function strchr
function strcmp
function strcoll
function strcspn
function stream_bucket_append
function stream_bucket_make_writeable
function stream_bucket_new
function stream_bucket_prepend
function stream_context_create
function stream_context_get_default
function stream_context_get_options
function stream_context_get_params
function stream_context_set_default
function stream_context_set_option
function stream_context_set_params
function stream_copy_to_stream
function stream_filter_append
function stream_filter_prepend
function stream_filter_register
function stream_filter_remove
function stream_get_contents
function stream_get_filters
function stream_get_line
function stream_get_meta_data
function stream_get_transports
function stream_get_wrappers
function stream_is_local
function stream_isatty
function stream_notification_callback
function stream_register_wrapper
function stream_resolve_include_path
function stream_select
function stream_set_blocking
function stream_set_chunk_size
function stream_set_read_buffer
function stream_set_timeout
function stream_set_write_buffer
function stream_socket_accept
function stream_socket_client
function stream_socket_enable_crypto
function stream_socket_get_name
function stream_socket_pair
function stream_socket_recvfrom
function stream_socket_sendto
function stream_socket_server
function stream_socket_shutdown
function stream_supports_lock
function stream_wrapper_register
function stream_wrapper_restore
function stream_wrapper_unregister
function strftime
function strip_tags
function stripcslashes
function stripos
function stripslashes
function stristr
function strlen
function strnatcasecmp
function strnatcmp
function strncasecmp
function strncmp
function strpbrk
function strpos
function strptime
function strrchr
function strrev
function strripos
function strrpos
function strspn
function strstr
function strtok
function strtolower
function strtotime
function strtoupper
function strtr
function strval
function substr_compare
function substr_count
function substr_replace
function substr
function svn_add
function svn_auth_get_parameter
function svn_auth_set_parameter
function svn_blame
function svn_cat
function svn_checkout
function svn_cleanup
function svn_client_version
function svn_commit
function svn_delete
function svn_diff
function svn_export
function svn_fs_abort_txn
function svn_fs_apply_text
function svn_fs_begin_txn2
function svn_fs_change_node_prop
function svn_fs_check_path
function svn_fs_contents_changed
function svn_fs_copy
function svn_fs_delete
function svn_fs_dir_entries
function svn_fs_file_contents
function svn_fs_file_length
function svn_fs_is_dir
function svn_fs_is_file
function svn_fs_make_dir
function svn_fs_make_file
function svn_fs_node_created_rev
function svn_fs_node_prop
function svn_fs_props_changed
function svn_fs_revision_prop
function svn_fs_revision_root
function svn_fs_txn_root
function svn_fs_youngest_rev
function svn_import
function svn_log
function svn_ls
function svn_mkdir
function svn_repos_create
function svn_repos_fs_begin_txn_for_commit
function svn_repos_fs_commit_txn
function svn_repos_fs
function svn_repos_hotcopy
function svn_repos_open
function svn_repos_recover
function svn_revert
function svn_status
function svn_update
function swoole_async_dns_lookup
function swoole_async_read
function swoole_async_readfile
function swoole_async_set
function swoole_async_write
function swoole_async_writefile
function swoole_client_select
function swoole_cpu_num
function swoole_errno
function swoole_event_add
function swoole_event_defer
function swoole_event_del
function swoole_event_exit
function swoole_event_set
function swoole_event_wait
function swoole_event_write
function swoole_get_local_ip
function swoole_last_error
function swoole_load_module
function swoole_select
function swoole_set_process_name
function swoole_strerror
function swoole_timer_after
function swoole_timer_exists
function swoole_timer_tick
function swoole_version
function sybase_affected_rows
function sybase_close
function sybase_connect
function sybase_data_seek
function sybase_deadlock_retry_count
function sybase_fetch_array
function sybase_fetch_assoc
function sybase_fetch_field
function sybase_fetch_object
function sybase_fetch_row
function sybase_field_seek
function sybase_free_result
function sybase_get_last_message
function sybase_min_client_severity
function sybase_min_error_severity
function sybase_min_message_severity
function sybase_min_server_severity
function sybase_num_fields
function sybase_num_rows
function sybase_pconnect
function sybase_query
function sybase_result
function sybase_select_db
function sybase_set_message_handler
function sybase_unbuffered_query
function symlink
function sys_get_temp_dir
function sys_getloadavg
function syslog
function system
function taint
function tan
function tanh
function tcpwrap_check
function tempnam
function textdomain
function tidy_access_count
function tidy_config_count
function tidy_error_count
function tidy_get_output
function tidy_warning_count
function time_nanosleep
function time_sleep_until
function time
function timezone_abbreviations_list
function timezone_identifiers_list
function timezone_location_get
function timezone_name_from_abbr
function timezone_name_get
function timezone_offset_get
function timezone_open
function timezone_transitions_get
function timezone_version_get
function tmpfile
function token_get_all
function token_name
function touch
function trader_acos
function trader_ad
function trader_add
function trader_adosc
function trader_adx
function trader_adxr
function trader_apo
function trader_aroon
function trader_aroonosc
function trader_asin
function trader_atan
function trader_atr
function trader_avgprice
function trader_bbands
function trader_beta
function trader_bop
function trader_cci
function trader_cdl2crows
function trader_cdl3blackcrows
function trader_cdl3inside
function trader_cdl3linestrike
function trader_cdl3outside
function trader_cdl3starsinsouth
function trader_cdl3whitesoldiers
function trader_cdlabandonedbaby
function trader_cdladvanceblock
function trader_cdlbelthold
function trader_cdlbreakaway
function trader_cdlclosingmarubozu
function trader_cdlconcealbabyswall
function trader_cdlcounterattack
function trader_cdldarkcloudcover
function trader_cdldoji
function trader_cdldojistar
function trader_cdldragonflydoji
function trader_cdlengulfing
function trader_cdleveningdojistar
function trader_cdleveningstar
function trader_cdlgapsidesidewhite
function trader_cdlgravestonedoji
function trader_cdlhammer
function trader_cdlhangingman
function trader_cdlharami
function trader_cdlharamicross
function trader_cdlhighwave
function trader_cdlhikkake
function trader_cdlhikkakemod
function trader_cdlhomingpigeon
function trader_cdlidentical3crows
function trader_cdlinneck
function trader_cdlinvertedhammer
function trader_cdlkicking
function trader_cdlkickingbylength
function trader_cdlladderbottom
function trader_cdllongleggeddoji
function trader_cdllongline
function trader_cdlmarubozu
function trader_cdlmatchinglow
function trader_cdlmathold
function trader_cdlmorningdojistar
function trader_cdlmorningstar
function trader_cdlonneck
function trader_cdlpiercing
function trader_cdlrickshawman
function trader_cdlrisefall3methods
function trader_cdlseparatinglines
function trader_cdlshootingstar
function trader_cdlshortline
function trader_cdlspinningtop
function trader_cdlstalledpattern
function trader_cdlsticksandwich
function trader_cdltakuri
function trader_cdltasukigap
function trader_cdlthrusting
function trader_cdltristar
function trader_cdlunique3river
function trader_cdlupsidegap2crows
function trader_cdlxsidegap3methods
function trader_ceil
function trader_cmo
function trader_correl
function trader_cos
function trader_cosh
function trader_dema
function trader_div
function trader_dx
function trader_ema
function trader_errno
function trader_exp
function trader_floor
function trader_get_compat
function trader_get_unstable_period
function trader_ht_dcperiod
function trader_ht_dcphase
function trader_ht_phasor
function trader_ht_sine
function trader_ht_trendline
function trader_ht_trendmode
function trader_kama
function trader_linearreg_angle
function trader_linearreg_intercept
function trader_linearreg_slope
function trader_linearreg
function trader_ln
function trader_log10
function trader_ma
function trader_macd
function trader_macdext
function trader_macdfix
function trader_mama
function trader_mavp
function trader_max
function trader_maxindex
function trader_medprice
function trader_mfi
function trader_midpoint
function trader_midprice
function trader_min
function trader_minindex
function trader_minmax
function trader_minmaxindex
function trader_minus_di
function trader_minus_dm
function trader_mom
function trader_mult
function trader_natr
function trader_obv
function trader_plus_di
function trader_plus_dm
function trader_ppo
function trader_roc
function trader_rocp
function trader_rocr
function trader_rocr100
function trader_rsi
function trader_sar
function trader_sarext
function trader_set_compat
function trader_set_unstable_period
function trader_sin
function trader_sinh
function trader_sma
function trader_sqrt
function trader_stddev
function trader_stoch
function trader_stochf
function trader_stochrsi
function trader_sub
function trader_sum
function trader_t3
function trader_tan
function trader_tanh
function trader_tema
function trader_trange
function trader_trima
function trader_trix
function trader_tsf
function trader_typprice
function trader_ultosc
function trader_var
function trader_wclprice
function trader_willr
function trader_wma
function trait_exists
function trigger_error
function trim
function uasort
function ucfirst
function ucwords
function udm_add_search_limit
function udm_alloc_agent_array
function udm_alloc_agent
function udm_api_version
function udm_cat_list
function udm_cat_path
function udm_check_charset
function udm_clear_search_limits
function udm_crc32
function udm_errno
function udm_error
function udm_find
function udm_free_agent
function udm_free_ispell_data
function udm_free_res
function udm_get_doc_count
function udm_get_res_field
function udm_get_res_param
function udm_hash32
function udm_load_ispell_data
function udm_set_agent_param
function ui_draw_text_font_fontfamilies
function ui_quit
function ui_run
function uksort
function umask
function uniqid
function unixtojd
function unlink
function unpack
function unregister_tick_function
function unserialize
function unset
function untaint
function uopz_add_function
function uopz_allow_exit
function uopz_backup
function uopz_compose
function uopz_copy
function uopz_del_function
function uopz_delete
function uopz_extend
function uopz_flags
function uopz_function
function uopz_get_exit_status
function uopz_get_hook
function uopz_get_mock
function uopz_get_property
function uopz_get_return
function uopz_get_static
function uopz_implement
function uopz_overload
function uopz_redefine
function uopz_rename
function uopz_restore
function uopz_set_hook
function uopz_set_mock
function uopz_set_property
function uopz_set_return
function uopz_set_static
function uopz_undefine
function uopz_unset_hook
function uopz_unset_mock
function uopz_unset_return
function urldecode
function urlencode
function use_soap_error_handler
function user_error
function usleep
function usort
function utf8_decode
function utf8_encode
function var_dump
function var_export
function variant_abs
function variant_add
function variant_and
function variant_cast
function variant_cat
function variant_cmp
function variant_date_from_timestamp
function variant_date_to_timestamp
function variant_div
function variant_eqv
function variant_fix
function variant_get_type
function variant_idiv
function variant_imp
function variant_int
function variant_mod
function variant_mul
function variant_neg
function variant_not
function variant_or
function variant_pow
function variant_round
function variant_set_type
function variant_set
function variant_sub
function variant_xor
function version_compare
function vfprintf
function virtual
function vpopmail_add_alias_domain_ex
function vpopmail_add_alias_domain
function vpopmail_add_domain_ex
function vpopmail_add_domain
function vpopmail_add_user
function vpopmail_alias_add
function vpopmail_alias_del_domain
function vpopmail_alias_del
function vpopmail_alias_get_all
function vpopmail_alias_get
function vpopmail_auth_user
function vpopmail_del_domain_ex
function vpopmail_del_domain
function vpopmail_del_user
function vpopmail_error
function vpopmail_passwd
function vpopmail_set_user_quota
function vprintf
function vsprintf
function wddx_add_vars
function wddx_deserialize
function wddx_packet_end
function wddx_packet_start
function wddx_serialize_value
function wddx_serialize_vars
function win32_continue_service
function win32_create_service
function win32_delete_service
function win32_get_last_control_message
function win32_pause_service
function win32_ps_list_procs
function win32_ps_stat_mem
function win32_ps_stat_proc
function win32_query_service_status
function win32_set_service_status
function win32_start_service_ctrl_dispatcher
function win32_start_service
function win32_stop_service
function wincache_fcache_fileinfo
function wincache_fcache_meminfo
function wincache_lock
function wincache_ocache_fileinfo
function wincache_ocache_meminfo
function wincache_refresh_if_changed
function wincache_rplist_fileinfo
function wincache_rplist_meminfo
function wincache_scache_info
function wincache_scache_meminfo
function wincache_ucache_add
function wincache_ucache_cas
function wincache_ucache_clear
function wincache_ucache_dec
function wincache_ucache_delete
function wincache_ucache_exists
function wincache_ucache_get
function wincache_ucache_inc
function wincache_ucache_info
function wincache_ucache_meminfo
function wincache_ucache_set
function wincache_unlock
function wordwrap
function xattr_get
function xattr_list
function xattr_remove
function xattr_set
function xattr_supported
function xdiff_file_bdiff_size
function xdiff_file_bdiff
function xdiff_file_bpatch
function xdiff_file_diff_binary
function xdiff_file_diff
function xdiff_file_merge3
function xdiff_file_patch_binary
function xdiff_file_patch
function xdiff_file_rabdiff
function xdiff_string_bdiff_size
function xdiff_string_bdiff
function xdiff_string_bpatch
function xdiff_string_diff_binary
function xdiff_string_diff
function xdiff_string_merge3
function xdiff_string_patch_binary
function xdiff_string_patch
function xdiff_string_rabdiff
function xhprof_disable
function xhprof_enable
function xhprof_sample_disable
function xhprof_sample_enable
function xml_error_string
function xml_get_current_byte_index
function xml_get_current_column_number
function xml_get_current_line_number
function xml_get_error_code
function xml_parse_into_struct
function xml_parse
function xml_parser_create_ns
function xml_parser_create
function xml_parser_free
function xml_parser_get_option
function xml_parser_set_option
function xml_set_character_data_handler
function xml_set_default_handler
function xml_set_element_handler
function xml_set_end_namespace_decl_handler
function xml_set_external_entity_ref_handler
function xml_set_notation_decl_handler
function xml_set_object
function xml_set_processing_instruction_handler
function xml_set_start_namespace_decl_handler
function xml_set_unparsed_entity_decl_handler
function xmlrpc_decode_request
function xmlrpc_decode
function xmlrpc_encode_request
function xmlrpc_encode
function xmlrpc_get_type
function xmlrpc_is_fault
function xmlrpc_parse_method_descriptions
function xmlrpc_server_add_introspection_data
function xmlrpc_server_call_method
function xmlrpc_server_create
function xmlrpc_server_destroy
function xmlrpc_server_register_introspection_callback
function xmlrpc_server_register_method
function xmlrpc_set_type
function xmlwriter_end_attribute
function xmlwriter_end_cdata
function xmlwriter_end_comment
function xmlwriter_end_document
function xmlwriter_end_dtd_attlist
function xmlwriter_end_dtd_element
function xmlwriter_end_dtd_entity
function xmlwriter_end_dtd
function xmlwriter_end_element
function xmlwriter_end_pi
function xmlwriter_flush
function xmlwriter_full_end_element
function xmlwriter_open_memory
function xmlwriter_open_uri
function xmlwriter_output_memory
function xmlwriter_set_indent_string
function xmlwriter_set_indent
function xmlwriter_start_attribute_ns
function xmlwriter_start_attribute
function xmlwriter_start_cdata
function xmlwriter_start_comment
function xmlwriter_start_document
function xmlwriter_start_dtd_attlist
function xmlwriter_start_dtd_element
function xmlwriter_start_dtd_entity
function xmlwriter_start_dtd
function xmlwriter_start_element_ns
function xmlwriter_start_element
function xmlwriter_start_pi
function xmlwriter_text
function xmlwriter_write_attribute_ns
function xmlwriter_write_attribute
function xmlwriter_write_cdata
function xmlwriter_write_comment
function xmlwriter_write_dtd_attlist
function xmlwriter_write_dtd_element
function xmlwriter_write_dtd_entity
function xmlwriter_write_dtd
function xmlwriter_write_element_ns
function xmlwriter_write_element
function xmlwriter_write_pi
function xmlwriter_write_raw
function yaml_emit_file
function yaml_emit
function yaml_parse_file
function yaml_parse_url
function yaml_parse
function yaz_addinfo
function yaz_ccl_conf
function yaz_ccl_parse
function yaz_close
function yaz_connect
function yaz_database
function yaz_element
function yaz_errno
function yaz_error
function yaz_es_result
function yaz_es
function yaz_get_option
function yaz_hits
function yaz_itemorder
function yaz_present
function yaz_range
function yaz_record
function yaz_scan_result
function yaz_scan
function yaz_schema
function yaz_search
function yaz_set_option
function yaz_sort
function yaz_syntax
function yaz_wait
function yp_all
function yp_cat
function yp_err_string
function yp_errno
function yp_first
function yp_get_default_domain
function yp_master
function yp_match
function yp_next
function yp_order
function zend_logo_guid
function zend_thread_id
function zend_version
function zip_close
function zip_entry_close
function zip_entry_compressedsize
function zip_entry_compressionmethod
function zip_entry_filesize
function zip_entry_name
function zip_entry_open
function zip_entry_read
function zip_open
function zip_read
function zlib_decode
function zlib_encode
function zlib_get_coding_type
function zookeeper_dispatch
functions anonymous
functions arguments
functions internal
functions returning_values
functions user_defined
functions variable_functions
gearman configuration
gearman constants
gearman examples_reverse_bg
gearman examples_reverse_task
gearman examples_reverse
gearman examples
gearman installation
gearman requirements
gearman resources
gearman setup
gearmanclient addoptions
gearmanclient addserver
gearmanclient addservers
gearmanclient addtask
gearmanclient addtaskbackground
gearmanclient addtaskhigh
gearmanclient addtaskhighbackground
gearmanclient addtasklow
gearmanclient addtasklowbackground
gearmanclient addtaskstatus
gearmanclient clearcallbacks
gearmanclient clone
gearmanclient construct
gearmanclient context
gearmanclient data
gearmanclient do
gearmanclient dobackground
gearmanclient dohigh
gearmanclient dohighbackground
gearmanclient dojobhandle
gearmanclient dolow
gearmanclient dolowbackground
gearmanclient donormal
gearmanclient dostatus
gearmanclient echo
gearmanclient error
gearmanclient geterrno
gearmanclient jobstatus
gearmanclient ping
gearmanclient removeoptions
gearmanclient returncode
gearmanclient runtasks
gearmanclient setclientcallback
gearmanclient setcompletecallback
gearmanclient setcontext
gearmanclient setcreatedcallback
gearmanclient setdata
gearmanclient setdatacallback
gearmanclient setexceptioncallback
gearmanclient setfailcallback
gearmanclient setoptions
gearmanclient setstatuscallback
gearmanclient settimeout
gearmanclient setwarningcallback
gearmanclient setworkloadcallback
gearmanclient timeout
gearmanjob complete
gearmanjob construct
gearmanjob data
gearmanjob exception
gearmanjob fail
gearmanjob functionname
gearmanjob handle
gearmanjob returncode
gearmanjob sendcomplete
gearmanjob senddata
gearmanjob sendexception
gearmanjob sendfail
gearmanjob sendstatus
gearmanjob sendwarning
gearmanjob setreturn
gearmanjob status
gearmanjob unique
gearmanjob warning
gearmanjob workload
gearmanjob workloadsize
gearmantask construct
gearmantask create
gearmantask data
gearmantask datasize
gearmantask function
gearmantask functionname
gearmantask isknown
gearmantask isrunning
gearmantask jobhandle
gearmantask recvdata
gearmantask returncode
gearmantask senddata
gearmantask sendworkload
gearmantask taskdenominator
gearmantask tasknumerator
gearmantask unique
gearmantask uuid
gearmanworker addfunction
gearmanworker addoptions
gearmanworker addserver
gearmanworker addservers
gearmanworker clone
gearmanworker construct
gearmanworker echo
gearmanworker error
gearmanworker geterrno
gearmanworker options
gearmanworker register
gearmanworker removeoptions
gearmanworker returncode
gearmanworker setid
gearmanworker setoptions
gearmanworker settimeout
gearmanworker timeout
gearmanworker unregister
gearmanworker unregisterall
gearmanworker wait
gearmanworker work
gender_gender connect
gender_gender construct
gender_gender country
gender_gender get
gender_gender isnick
gender_gender similarnames
gender example admin
gender examples
gender installation
gender setup
generator current
generator getreturn
generator key
generator next
generator rewind
generator send
generator throw
generator valid
generator wakeup
geoip configuration
geoip constants
geoip installation
geoip requirements
geoip resources
geoip setup
gettext configuration
gettext constants
gettext installation
gettext requirements
gettext resources
gettext setup
getting_started
globiterator construct
globiterator count
gmagick addimage
gmagick addnoiseimage
gmagick annotateimage
gmagick blurimage
gmagick borderimage
gmagick charcoalimage
gmagick chopimage
gmagick clear
gmagick commentimage
gmagick compositeimage
gmagick configuration
gmagick constants
gmagick construct
gmagick cropimage
gmagick cropthumbnailimage
gmagick current
gmagick cyclecolormapimage
gmagick deconstructimages
gmagick despeckleimage
gmagick destroy
gmagick drawimage
gmagick edgeimage
gmagick embossimage
gmagick enhanceimage
gmagick equalizeimage
gmagick examples
gmagick flipimage
gmagick flopimage
gmagick frameimage
gmagick gammaimage
gmagick getcopyright
gmagick getfilename
gmagick getimagebackgroundcolor
gmagick getimageblueprimary
gmagick getimagebordercolor
gmagick getimagechanneldepth
gmagick getimagecolors
gmagick getimagecolorspace
gmagick getimagecompose
gmagick getimagedelay
gmagick getimagedepth
gmagick getimagedispose
gmagick getimageextrema
gmagick getimagefilename
gmagick getimageformat
gmagick getimagegamma
gmagick getimagegreenprimary
gmagick getimageheight
gmagick getimagehistogram
gmagick getimageindex
gmagick getimageinterlacescheme
gmagick getimageiterations
gmagick getimagematte
gmagick getimagemattecolor
gmagick getimageprofile
gmagick getimageredprimary
gmagick getimagerenderingintent
gmagick getimageresolution
gmagick getimagescene
gmagick getimagesignature
gmagick getimagetype
gmagick getimageunits
gmagick getimagewhitepoint
gmagick getimagewidth
gmagick getpackagename
gmagick getquantumdepth
gmagick getreleasedate
gmagick getsamplingfactors
gmagick getsize
gmagick getversion
gmagick hasnextimage
gmagick haspreviousimage
gmagick implodeimage
gmagick installation
gmagick labelimage
gmagick levelimage
gmagick magnifyimage
gmagick mapimage
gmagick medianfilterimage
gmagick minifyimage
gmagick modulateimage
gmagick motionblurimage
gmagick newimage
gmagick nextimage
gmagick normalizeimage
gmagick oilpaintimage
gmagick previousimage
gmagick profileimage
gmagick quantizeimage
gmagick quantizeimages
gmagick queryfontmetrics
gmagick queryfonts
gmagick queryformats
gmagick radialblurimage
gmagick raiseimage
gmagick read
gmagick readimage
gmagick readimageblob
gmagick readimagefile
gmagick reducenoiseimage
gmagick removeimage
gmagick removeimageprofile
gmagick requirements
gmagick resampleimage
gmagick resizeimage
gmagick rollimage
gmagick rotateimage
gmagick scaleimage
gmagick separateimagechannel
gmagick setcompressionquality
gmagick setfilename
gmagick setimagebackgroundcolor
gmagick setimageblueprimary
gmagick setimagebordercolor
gmagick setimagechanneldepth
gmagick setimagecolorspace
gmagick setimagecompose
gmagick setimagedelay
gmagick setimagedepth
gmagick setimagedispose
gmagick setimagefilename
gmagick setimageformat
gmagick setimagegamma
gmagick setimagegreenprimary
gmagick setimageindex
gmagick setimageinterlacescheme
gmagick setimageiterations
gmagick setimageprofile
gmagick setimageredprimary
gmagick setimagerenderingintent
gmagick setimageresolution
gmagick setimagescene
gmagick setimagetype
gmagick setimageunits
gmagick setimagewhitepoint
gmagick setsamplingfactors
gmagick setsize
gmagick setup
gmagick shearimage
gmagick solarizeimage
gmagick spreadimage
gmagick stripimage
gmagick swirlimage
gmagick thumbnailimage
gmagick trimimage
gmagick write
gmagick writeimage
gmagickdraw annotate
gmagickdraw arc
gmagickdraw bezier
gmagickdraw ellipse
gmagickdraw getfillcolor
gmagickdraw getfillopacity
gmagickdraw getfont
gmagickdraw getfontsize
gmagickdraw getfontstyle
gmagickdraw getfontweight
gmagickdraw getstrokecolor
gmagickdraw getstrokeopacity
gmagickdraw getstrokewidth
gmagickdraw gettextdecoration
gmagickdraw gettextencoding
gmagickdraw line
gmagickdraw point
gmagickdraw polygon
gmagickdraw polyline
gmagickdraw rectangle
gmagickdraw rotate
gmagickdraw roundrectangle
gmagickdraw scale
gmagickdraw setfillcolor
gmagickdraw setfillopacity
gmagickdraw setfont
gmagickdraw setfontsize
gmagickdraw setfontstyle
gmagickdraw setfontweight
gmagickdraw setstrokecolor
gmagickdraw setstrokeopacity
gmagickdraw setstrokewidth
gmagickdraw settextdecoration
gmagickdraw settextencoding
gmagickpixel construct
gmagickpixel getcolor
gmagickpixel getcolorcount
gmagickpixel getcolorvalue
gmagickpixel setcolor
gmagickpixel setcolorvalue
gmp configuration
gmp constants
gmp examples
gmp installation
gmp requirements
gmp resources
gmp setup
gnupg configuration
gnupg constants
gnupg examples_clearsign
gnupg examples
gnupg installation
gnupg requirements
gnupg resources
gnupg setup
gupnp_service_proxy_send_action
gupnp binary_light
gupnp browsing
gupnp configuration
gupnp constants
gupnp examples
gupnp installation
gupnp requirements
gupnp resources
gupnp setup
haru builtin encodings
haru builtin fonts
haru builtin
haru configuration
haru constants
haru examples_basics
haru examples
haru installation
haru requirements
haru resources
haru setup
haruannotation setborderstyle
haruannotation sethighlightmode
haruannotation seticon
haruannotation setopened
harudestination setfit
harudestination setfitb
harudestination setfitbh
harudestination setfitbv
harudestination setfith
harudestination setfitr
harudestination setfitv
harudestination setxyz
harudoc addpage
harudoc addpagelabel
harudoc construct
harudoc createoutline
harudoc getcurrentencoder
harudoc getcurrentpage
harudoc getencoder
harudoc getfont
harudoc getinfoattr
harudoc getpagelayout
harudoc getpagemode
harudoc getstreamsize
harudoc insertpage
harudoc loadjpeg
harudoc loadpng
harudoc loadraw
harudoc loadttc
harudoc loadttf
harudoc loadtype1
harudoc output
harudoc readfromstream
harudoc reseterror
harudoc resetstream
harudoc save
harudoc savetostream
harudoc setcompressionmode
harudoc setcurrentencoder
harudoc setencryptionmode
harudoc setinfoattr
harudoc setinfodateattr
harudoc setopenaction
harudoc setpagelayout
harudoc setpagemode
harudoc setpagesconfiguration
harudoc setpassword
harudoc setpermission
harudoc usecnsencodings
harudoc usecnsfonts
harudoc usecntencodings
harudoc usecntfonts
harudoc usejpencodings
harudoc usejpfonts
harudoc usekrencodings
harudoc usekrfonts
haruencoder getbytetype
haruencoder gettype
haruencoder getunicode
haruencoder getwritingmode
harufont getascent
harufont getcapheight
harufont getdescent
harufont getencodingname
harufont getfontname
harufont gettextwidth
harufont getunicodewidth
harufont getxheight
harufont measuretext
haruimage getbitspercomponent
haruimage getcolorspace
haruimage getheight
haruimage getsize
haruimage getwidth
haruimage setcolormask
haruimage setmaskimage
haruoutline setdestination
haruoutline setopened
harupage arc
harupage begintext
harupage circle
harupage closepath
harupage concat
harupage createdestination
harupage createlinkannotation
harupage createtextannotation
harupage createurlannotation
harupage curveto
harupage curveto2
harupage curveto3
harupage drawimage
harupage ellipse
harupage endpath
harupage endtext
harupage eofill
harupage eofillstroke
harupage fill
harupage fillstroke
harupage getcharspace
harupage getcmykfill
harupage getcmykstroke
harupage getcurrentfont
harupage getcurrentfontsize
harupage getcurrentpos
harupage getcurrenttextpos
harupage getdash
harupage getfillingcolorspace
harupage getflatness
harupage getgmode
harupage getgrayfill
harupage getgraystroke
harupage getheight
harupage gethorizontalscaling
harupage getlinecap
harupage getlinejoin
harupage getlinewidth
harupage getmiterlimit
harupage getrgbfill
harupage getrgbstroke
harupage getstrokingcolorspace
harupage gettextleading
harupage gettextmatrix
harupage gettextrenderingmode
harupage gettextrise
harupage gettextwidth
harupage gettransmatrix
harupage getwidth
harupage getwordspace
harupage lineto
harupage measuretext
harupage movetextpos
harupage moveto
harupage movetonextline
harupage rectangle
harupage setcharspace
harupage setcmykfill
harupage setcmykstroke
harupage setdash
harupage setflatness
harupage setfontandsize
harupage setgrayfill
harupage setgraystroke
harupage setheight
harupage sethorizontalscaling
harupage setlinecap
harupage setlinejoin
harupage setlinewidth
harupage setmiterlimit
harupage setrgbfill
harupage setrgbstroke
harupage setrotate
harupage setsize
harupage setslideshow
harupage settextleading
harupage settextmatrix
harupage settextrenderingmode
harupage settextrise
harupage setwidth
harupage setwordspace
harupage showtext
harupage showtextnextline
harupage stroke
harupage textout
harupage textrect
hash configuration
hash constants
hash installation
hash requirements
hash resources
hash setup
hashcontext construct
history
history php books
history php
history php publications
history php related
hrtime_performancecounter getfrequency
hrtime_performancecounter getticks
hrtime_performancecounter gettickssince
hrtime_stopwatch getelapsedticks
hrtime_stopwatch getelapsedtime
hrtime_stopwatch getlastelapsedticks
hrtime_stopwatch getlastelapsedtime
hrtime_stopwatch isrunning
hrtime_stopwatch start
hrtime_stopwatch stop
hrtime example basic
hrtime examples
hrtime installation
hrtime setup
htscanner configuration
htscanner installation
htscanner requirements
htscanner resources
htscanner setup
hwapi apache_integration
hwapi attribute_key
hwapi attribute_langdepvalue
hwapi attribute_value
hwapi attribute_values
hwapi checkin
hwapi checkout
hwapi children
hwapi configuration
hwapi constants
hwapi content_mimetype
hwapi content_read
hwapi content
hwapi copy
hwapi dbstat
hwapi dcstat
hwapi dstanchors
hwapi dstofsrcanchor
hwapi error_count
hwapi error_reason
hwapi find
hwapi ftstat
hwapi hwstat
hwapi identify
hwapi info
hwapi insert
hwapi insertanchor
hwapi insertcollection
hwapi insertdocument
hwapi installation
hwapi link
hwapi lock
hwapi move
hwapi object_assign
hwapi object_attreditable
hwapi object_count
hwapi object_insert
hwapi object_remove
hwapi object_title
hwapi object_value
hwapi object
hwapi objectbyanchor
hwapi parents
hwapi reason_description
hwapi reason_type
hwapi remove
hwapi replace
hwapi requirements
hwapi resources
hwapi setcommittedversion
hwapi setup
hwapi srcanchors
hwapi srcsofdst
hwapi unlock
hwapi user
hwapi userlist
ibase configuration
ibase constants
ibase installation
ibase requirements
ibase resources
ibase setup
ibm_db2 configuration
ibm_db2 constants
ibm_db2 installation
ibm_db2 requirements
ibm_db2 resources
ibm_db2 setup
iconv configuration
iconv constants
iconv installation
iconv requirements
iconv resources
iconv setup
id3 configuration
id3 constants
id3 installation
id3 requirements
id3 resources
id3 setup
id3v2attachedpictureframe getdescription
id3v2attachedpictureframe getmimetype
id3v2attachedpictureframe gettype
id3v2attachedpictureframe savepicture
id3v2attachedpictureframe setmimetype
id3v2attachedpictureframe setpicture
id3v2attachedpictureframe settype
id3v2frame getsize
id3v2frame tostring
id3v2tag addframe
id3v2tag getframelist
ifx configuration
ifx constants
ifx installation
ifx requirements
ifx resources
ifx setup
iisfunc configuration
iisfunc constants
iisfunc installation
iisfunc requirements
iisfunc resources
iisfunc setup
image configuration
image constants
image examples_png
image examples_watermark
image examples
image examples merged_watermark
image installation
image requirements
image resources
image setup
imagick adaptiveblurimage
imagick adaptiveresizeimage
imagick adaptivesharpenimage
imagick adaptivethresholdimage
imagick addimage
imagick addnoiseimage
imagick affinetransformimage
imagick animateimages
imagick annotateimage
imagick appendimages
imagick autolevelimage
imagick averageimages
imagick blackthresholdimage
imagick blueshiftimage
imagick blurimage
imagick borderimage
imagick brightnesscontrastimage
imagick charcoalimage
imagick chopimage
imagick clampimage
imagick clear
imagick clipimage
imagick clipimagepath
imagick clippathimage
imagick clone
imagick clutimage
imagick coalesceimages
imagick colorfloodfillimage
imagick colorizeimage
imagick colormatriximage
imagick combineimages
imagick commentimage
imagick compareimagechannels
imagick compareimagelayers
imagick compareimages
imagick compositeimage
imagick configuration
imagick constants
imagick construct
imagick contrastimage
imagick contraststretchimage
imagick convolveimage
imagick count
imagick cropimage
imagick cropthumbnailimage
imagick current
imagick cyclecolormapimage
imagick decipherimage
imagick deconstructimages
imagick deleteimageartifact
imagick deleteimageproperty
imagick deskewimage
imagick despeckleimage
imagick destroy
imagick displayimage
imagick displayimages
imagick distortimage
imagick drawimage
imagick edgeimage
imagick embossimage
imagick encipherimage
imagick enhanceimage
imagick equalizeimage
imagick evaluateimage
imagick examples_1
imagick examples
imagick exportimagepixels
imagick extentimage
imagick filter
imagick flattenimages
imagick flipimage
imagick floodfillpaintimage
imagick flopimage
imagick forwardfouriertransformimage
imagick frameimage
imagick functionimage
imagick fximage
imagick gammaimage
imagick gaussianblurimage
imagick getcolorspace
imagick getcompression
imagick getcompressionquality
imagick getcopyright
imagick getfilename
imagick getfont
imagick getformat
imagick getgravity
imagick gethomeurl
imagick getimage
imagick getimagealphachannel
imagick getimageartifact
imagick getimageattribute
imagick getimagebackgroundcolor
imagick getimageblob
imagick getimageblueprimary
imagick getimagebordercolor
imagick getimagechanneldepth
imagick getimagechanneldistortion
imagick getimagechanneldistortions
imagick getimagechannelextrema
imagick getimagechannelkurtosis
imagick getimagechannelmean
imagick getimagechannelrange
imagick getimagechannelstatistics
imagick getimageclipmask
imagick getimagecolormapcolor
imagick getimagecolors
imagick getimagecolorspace
imagick getimagecompose
imagick getimagecompression
imagick getimagecompressionquality
imagick getimagedelay
imagick getimagedepth
imagick getimagedispose
imagick getimagedistortion
imagick getimageextrema
imagick getimagefilename
imagick getimageformat
imagick getimagegamma
imagick getimagegeometry
imagick getimagegravity
imagick getimagegreenprimary
imagick getimageheight
imagick getimagehistogram
imagick getimageindex
imagick getimageinterlacescheme
imagick getimageinterpolatemethod
imagick getimageiterations
imagick getimagelength
imagick getimagemagicklicense
imagick getimagematte
imagick getimagemattecolor
imagick getimagemimetype
imagick getimageorientation
imagick getimagepage
imagick getimagepixelcolor
imagick getimageprofile
imagick getimageprofiles
imagick getimageproperties
imagick getimageproperty
imagick getimageredprimary
imagick getimageregion
imagick getimagerenderingintent
imagick getimageresolution
imagick getimagesblob
imagick getimagescene
imagick getimagesignature
imagick getimagesize
imagick getimagetickspersecond
imagick getimagetotalinkdensity
imagick getimagetype
imagick getimageunits
imagick getimagevirtualpixelmethod
imagick getimagewhitepoint
imagick getimagewidth
imagick getinterlacescheme
imagick getiteratorindex
imagick getnumberimages
imagick getoption
imagick getpackagename
imagick getpage
imagick getpixeliterator
imagick getpixelregioniterator
imagick getpointsize
imagick getquantum
imagick getquantumdepth
imagick getquantumrange
imagick getregistry
imagick getreleasedate
imagick getresource
imagick getresourcelimit
imagick getsamplingfactors
imagick getsize
imagick getsizeoffset
imagick getversion
imagick haldclutimage
imagick hasnextimage
imagick haspreviousimage
imagick identifyformat
imagick identifyimage
imagick implodeimage
imagick importimagepixels
imagick installation
imagick inversefouriertransformimage
imagick labelimage
imagick levelimage
imagick linearstretchimage
imagick liquidrescaleimage
imagick listregistry
imagick magnifyimage
imagick mapimage
imagick mattefloodfillimage
imagick medianfilterimage
imagick mergeimagelayers
imagick minifyimage
imagick modulateimage
imagick montageimage
imagick morphimages
imagick morphology
imagick mosaicimages
imagick motionblurimage
imagick negateimage
imagick newimage
imagick newpseudoimage
imagick nextimage
imagick normalizeimage
imagick oilpaintimage
imagick opaquepaintimage
imagick optimizeimagelayers
imagick orderedposterizeimage
imagick paintfloodfillimage
imagick paintopaqueimage
imagick painttransparentimage
imagick pingimage
imagick pingimageblob
imagick pingimagefile
imagick polaroidimage
imagick posterizeimage
imagick previewimages
imagick previousimage
imagick profileimage
imagick quantizeimage
imagick quantizeimages
imagick queryfontmetrics
imagick queryfonts
imagick queryformats
imagick radialblurimage
imagick raiseimage
imagick randomthresholdimage
imagick readimage
imagick readimageblob
imagick readimagefile
imagick readimages
imagick recolorimage
imagick reducenoiseimage
imagick remapimage
imagick removeimage
imagick removeimageprofile
imagick render
imagick requirements
imagick resampleimage
imagick resetimagepage
imagick resizeimage
imagick resources
imagick rollimage
imagick rotateimage
imagick rotationalblurimage
imagick roundcorners
imagick sampleimage
imagick scaleimage
imagick segmentimage
imagick selectiveblurimage
imagick separateimagechannel
imagick sepiatoneimage
imagick setbackgroundcolor
imagick setcolorspace
imagick setcompression
imagick setcompressionquality
imagick setfilename
imagick setfirstiterator
imagick setfont
imagick setformat
imagick setgravity
imagick setimage
imagick setimagealphachannel
imagick setimageartifact
imagick setimageattribute
imagick setimagebackgroundcolor
imagick setimagebias
imagick setimagebiasquantum
imagick setimageblueprimary
imagick setimagebordercolor
imagick setimagechanneldepth
imagick setimageclipmask
imagick setimagecolormapcolor
imagick setimagecolorspace
imagick setimagecompose
imagick setimagecompression
imagick setimagecompressionquality
imagick setimagedelay
imagick setimagedepth
imagick setimagedispose
imagick setimageextent
imagick setimagefilename
imagick setimageformat
imagick setimagegamma
imagick setimagegravity
imagick setimagegreenprimary
imagick setimageindex
imagick setimageinterlacescheme
imagick setimageinterpolatemethod
imagick setimageiterations
imagick setimagematte
imagick setimagemattecolor
imagick setimageopacity
imagick setimageorientation
imagick setimagepage
imagick setimageprofile
imagick setimageproperty
imagick setimageredprimary
imagick setimagerenderingintent
imagick setimageresolution
imagick setimagescene
imagick setimagetickspersecond
imagick setimagetype
imagick setimageunits
imagick setimagevirtualpixelmethod
imagick setimagewhitepoint
imagick setinterlacescheme
imagick setiteratorindex
imagick setlastiterator
imagick setoption
imagick setpage
imagick setpointsize
imagick setprogressmonitor
imagick setregistry
imagick setresolution
imagick setresourcelimit
imagick setsamplingfactors
imagick setsize
imagick setsizeoffset
imagick settype
imagick setup
imagick shadeimage
imagick shadowimage
imagick sharpenimage
imagick shaveimage
imagick shearimage
imagick sigmoidalcontrastimage
imagick sketchimage
imagick smushimages
imagick solarizeimage
imagick sparsecolorimage
imagick spliceimage
imagick spreadimage
imagick statisticimage
imagick steganoimage
imagick stereoimage
imagick stripimage
imagick subimagematch
imagick swirlimage
imagick textureimage
imagick thresholdimage
imagick thumbnailimage
imagick tintimage
imagick tostring
imagick transformimage
imagick transformimagecolorspace
imagick transparentpaintimage
imagick transposeimage
imagick transverseimage
imagick trimimage
imagick uniqueimagecolors
imagick unsharpmaskimage
imagick valid
imagick vignetteimage
imagick waveimage
imagick whitethresholdimage
imagick writeimage
imagick writeimagefile
imagick writeimages
imagick writeimagesfile
imagickdraw affine
imagickdraw annotation
imagickdraw arc
imagickdraw bezier
imagickdraw circle
imagickdraw clear
imagickdraw clone
imagickdraw color
imagickdraw comment
imagickdraw composite
imagickdraw construct
imagickdraw destroy
imagickdraw ellipse
imagickdraw getclippath
imagickdraw getcliprule
imagickdraw getclipunits
imagickdraw getfillcolor
imagickdraw getfillopacity
imagickdraw getfillrule
imagickdraw getfont
imagickdraw getfontfamily
imagickdraw getfontsize
imagickdraw getfontstretch
imagickdraw getfontstyle
imagickdraw getfontweight
imagickdraw getgravity
imagickdraw getstrokeantialias
imagickdraw getstrokecolor
imagickdraw getstrokedasharray
imagickdraw getstrokedashoffset
imagickdraw getstrokelinecap
imagickdraw getstrokelinejoin
imagickdraw getstrokemiterlimit
imagickdraw getstrokeopacity
imagickdraw getstrokewidth
imagickdraw gettextalignment
imagickdraw gettextantialias
imagickdraw gettextdecoration
imagickdraw gettextencoding
imagickdraw gettextinterlinespacing
imagickdraw gettextinterwordspacing
imagickdraw gettextkerning
imagickdraw gettextundercolor
imagickdraw getvectorgraphics
imagickdraw line
imagickdraw matte
imagickdraw pathclose
imagickdraw pathcurvetoabsolute
imagickdraw pathcurvetoquadraticbezierabsolute
imagickdraw pathcurvetoquadraticbezierrelative
imagickdraw pathcurvetoquadraticbeziersmoothabsolute
imagickdraw pathcurvetoquadraticbeziersmoothrelative
imagickdraw pathcurvetorelative
imagickdraw pathcurvetosmoothabsolute
imagickdraw pathcurvetosmoothrelative
imagickdraw pathellipticarcabsolute
imagickdraw pathellipticarcrelative
imagickdraw pathfinish
imagickdraw pathlinetoabsolute
imagickdraw pathlinetohorizontalabsolute
imagickdraw pathlinetohorizontalrelative
imagickdraw pathlinetorelative
imagickdraw pathlinetoverticalabsolute
imagickdraw pathlinetoverticalrelative
imagickdraw pathmovetoabsolute
imagickdraw pathmovetorelative
imagickdraw pathstart
imagickdraw point
imagickdraw polygon
imagickdraw polyline
imagickdraw pop
imagickdraw popclippath
imagickdraw popdefs
imagickdraw poppattern
imagickdraw push
imagickdraw pushclippath
imagickdraw pushdefs
imagickdraw pushpattern
imagickdraw rectangle
imagickdraw render
imagickdraw resetvectorgraphics
imagickdraw rotate
imagickdraw roundrectangle
imagickdraw scale
imagickdraw setclippath
imagickdraw setcliprule
imagickdraw setclipunits
imagickdraw setfillalpha
imagickdraw setfillcolor
imagickdraw setfillopacity
imagickdraw setfillpatternurl
imagickdraw setfillrule
imagickdraw setfont
imagickdraw setfontfamily
imagickdraw setfontsize
imagickdraw setfontstretch
imagickdraw setfontstyle
imagickdraw setfontweight
imagickdraw setgravity
imagickdraw setresolution
imagickdraw setstrokealpha
imagickdraw setstrokeantialias
imagickdraw setstrokecolor
imagickdraw setstrokedasharray
imagickdraw setstrokedashoffset
imagickdraw setstrokelinecap
imagickdraw setstrokelinejoin
imagickdraw setstrokemiterlimit
imagickdraw setstrokeopacity
imagickdraw setstrokepatternurl
imagickdraw setstrokewidth
imagickdraw settextalignment
imagickdraw settextantialias
imagickdraw settextdecoration
imagickdraw settextencoding
imagickdraw settextinterlinespacing
imagickdraw settextinterwordspacing
imagickdraw settextkerning
imagickdraw settextundercolor
imagickdraw setvectorgraphics
imagickdraw setviewbox
imagickdraw skewx
imagickdraw skewy
imagickdraw translate
imagickkernel addkernel
imagickkernel addunitykernel
imagickkernel frombuiltin
imagickkernel frommatrix
imagickkernel getmatrix
imagickkernel scale
imagickkernel separate
imagickpixel clear
imagickpixel construct
imagickpixel destroy
imagickpixel getcolor
imagickpixel getcolorasstring
imagickpixel getcolorcount
imagickpixel getcolorquantum
imagickpixel getcolorvalue
imagickpixel getcolorvaluequantum
imagickpixel gethsl
imagickpixel getindex
imagickpixel ispixelsimilar
imagickpixel ispixelsimilarquantum
imagickpixel issimilar
imagickpixel setcolor
imagickpixel setcolorcount
imagickpixel setcolorvalue
imagickpixel setcolorvaluequantum
imagickpixel sethsl
imagickpixel setindex
imagickpixeliterator clear
imagickpixeliterator construct
imagickpixeliterator destroy
imagickpixeliterator getcurrentiteratorrow
imagickpixeliterator getiteratorrow
imagickpixeliterator getnextiteratorrow
imagickpixeliterator getpreviousiteratorrow
imagickpixeliterator newpixeliterator
imagickpixeliterator newpixelregioniterator
imagickpixeliterator resetiterator
imagickpixeliterator setiteratorfirstrow
imagickpixeliterator setiteratorlastrow
imagickpixeliterator setiteratorrow
imagickpixeliterator synciterator
imap configuration
imap constants
imap installation
imap requirements
imap resources
imap setup
inclued configuration
inclued constants
inclued examples_implementation
inclued examples
inclued installation
inclued requirements
inclued resources
inclued setup
index
indexes examples
indexes functions
indexes
infiniteiterator construct
infiniteiterator next
info configuration
info constants
info installation
info requirements
info resources
info setup
ingres configuration
ingres constants
ingres examples_basic
ingres examples
ingres installation
ingres requirements
ingres resources
ingres setup
ini core
ini
ini list
ini sect safe_mode
ini sections
inotify configuration
inotify constants
inotify install
inotify requirements
inotify resources
inotify setup
install cloud azure
install cloud ec2
install cloud
install fpm configuration
install fpm
install fpm install
install general
install
install macosx bundled
install macosx compile
install macosx
install macosx packages
install pecl downloads
install pecl
install pecl intro
install pecl pear
install pecl php_config
install pecl phpize
install pecl static
install pecl windows
install problems bugs
install problems faq
install problems
install problems support
install unix apache
install unix apache2
install unix commandline
install unix debian
install unix hpux
install unix
install unix lighttpd_14
install unix litespeed
install unix nginx
install unix openbsd
install unix solaris
install unix sun
install windows
install windows legacy index
install windows manual
install windows pecl
install windows recommended
install windows requirements
install windows tools
install windows troubleshooting
internals2 apiref
internals2 buildsys configunix
internals2 buildsys configwin
internals2 buildsys environment
internals2 buildsys
internals2 buildsys skeleton
internals2 classes
internals2 counter basic_interface
internals2 counter constants
internals2 counter counter_class bumpvalue
internals2 counter counter_class construct
internals2 counter counter_class getmeta
internals2 counter counter_class getnamed
internals2 counter counter_class getvalue
internals2 counter counter_class
internals2 counter counter_class resetvalue
internals2 counter counter_class setcounterclass
internals2 counter examples basic
internals2 counter examples extended
internals2 counter examples
internals2 counter examples objective
internals2 counter extended_interface
internals2 counter function counter_bump_value
internals2 counter function counter_bump
internals2 counter function counter_create
internals2 counter function counter_get_meta
internals2 counter function counter_get_named
internals2 counter function counter_get_value
internals2 counter function counter_get
internals2 counter function counter_reset_value
internals2 counter function counter_reset
internals2 counter
internals2 counter ini
internals2 counter intro
internals2 counter resources
internals2 counter setup
internals2 faq
internals2 funcs
internals2
internals2 ini
internals2 memory
internals2 memory management
internals2 memory persistence
internals2 memory tsrm
internals2 opcodes add_array_element
internals2 opcodes add_char
internals2 opcodes add_interface
internals2 opcodes add_string
internals2 opcodes add_var
internals2 opcodes add
internals2 opcodes assign_add
internals2 opcodes assign_bw_and
internals2 opcodes assign_bw_or
internals2 opcodes assign_bw_xor
internals2 opcodes assign_concat
internals2 opcodes assign_dim
internals2 opcodes assign_div
internals2 opcodes assign_mod
internals2 opcodes assign_mul
internals2 opcodes assign_obj
internals2 opcodes assign_ref
internals2 opcodes assign_sl
internals2 opcodes assign_sr
internals2 opcodes assign_sub
internals2 opcodes assign
internals2 opcodes begin_silence
internals2 opcodes bool_not
internals2 opcodes bool_xor
internals2 opcodes bool
internals2 opcodes brk
internals2 opcodes bw_and
internals2 opcodes bw_not
internals2 opcodes bw_or
internals2 opcodes bw_xor
internals2 opcodes case
internals2 opcodes cast
internals2 opcodes catch
internals2 opcodes clone
internals2 opcodes concat
internals2 opcodes cont
internals2 opcodes declare_class
internals2 opcodes declare_const
internals2 opcodes declare_function
internals2 opcodes declare_inherited_class_delayed
internals2 opcodes declare_inherited_class
internals2 opcodes div
internals2 opcodes do_fcall_by_name
internals2 opcodes do_fcall
internals2 opcodes echo
internals2 opcodes end_silence
internals2 opcodes exit
internals2 opcodes ext_fcall_begin
internals2 opcodes ext_fcall_end
internals2 opcodes ext_nop
internals2 opcodes ext_stmt
internals2 opcodes fe_fetch
internals2 opcodes fe_reset
internals2 opcodes fetch_class
internals2 opcodes fetch_constant
internals2 opcodes fetch_dim_func_arg
internals2 opcodes fetch_dim_is
internals2 opcodes fetch_dim_r
internals2 opcodes fetch_dim_rw
internals2 opcodes fetch_dim_tmp_var
internals2 opcodes fetch_dim_unset
internals2 opcodes fetch_dim_w
internals2 opcodes fetch_func_arg
internals2 opcodes fetch_is
internals2 opcodes fetch_obj_func_arg
internals2 opcodes fetch_obj_is
internals2 opcodes fetch_obj_r
internals2 opcodes fetch_obj_rw
internals2 opcodes fetch_obj_unset
internals2 opcodes fetch_obj_w
internals2 opcodes fetch_r
internals2 opcodes fetch_rw
internals2 opcodes fetch_unset
internals2 opcodes fetch_w
internals2 opcodes free
internals2 opcodes goto
internals2 opcodes handle_exception
internals2 opcodes
internals2 opcodes include_or_eval
internals2 opcodes init_array
internals2 opcodes init_fcall_by_name
internals2 opcodes init_method_call
internals2 opcodes init_ns_fcall_by_name
internals2 opcodes init_static_method_call
internals2 opcodes init_string
internals2 opcodes instanceof
internals2 opcodes is_equal
internals2 opcodes is_identical
internals2 opcodes is_not_equal
internals2 opcodes is_not_identical
internals2 opcodes is_smaller_or_equal
internals2 opcodes is_smaller
internals2 opcodes isset_isempty_dim_obj
internals2 opcodes isset_isempty_prop_obj
internals2 opcodes isset_isempty_var
internals2 opcodes jmp
internals2 opcodes jmpnz_ex
internals2 opcodes jmpnz
internals2 opcodes jmpz_ex
internals2 opcodes jmpz
internals2 opcodes jmpznz
internals2 opcodes list
internals2 opcodes mod
internals2 opcodes mul
internals2 opcodes new
internals2 opcodes nop
internals2 opcodes post_dec_obj
internals2 opcodes post_dec
internals2 opcodes post_inc_obj
internals2 opcodes post_inc
internals2 opcodes pre_dec_obj
internals2 opcodes pre_dec
internals2 opcodes pre_inc_obj
internals2 opcodes pre_inc
internals2 opcodes print
internals2 opcodes qm_assign
internals2 opcodes raise_abstract_error
internals2 opcodes recv_init
internals2 opcodes recv
internals2 opcodes return_by_ref
internals2 opcodes return
internals2 opcodes send_ref
internals2 opcodes send_val
internals2 opcodes send_var_no_ref
internals2 opcodes send_var
internals2 opcodes sl
internals2 opcodes sr
internals2 opcodes sub
internals2 opcodes switch_free
internals2 opcodes throw
internals2 opcodes ticks
internals2 opcodes unset_dim
internals2 opcodes unset_obj
internals2 opcodes unset_var
internals2 opcodes user_opcode
internals2 opcodes verify_abstract_class
internals2 opcodes zend_declare_lambda_function
internals2 opcodes zend_jmp_set
internals2 pdo building
internals2 pdo constants
internals2 pdo error_handling
internals2 pdo
internals2 pdo implementing
internals2 pdo packaging
internals2 pdo pdo_dbh_t
internals2 pdo pdo_stmt_t
internals2 pdo preparation
internals2 pdo prerequisites
internals2 pdo testing
internals2 preface
internals2 resources
internals2 streams
internals2 structure basics
internals2 structure files
internals2 structure globals
internals2 structure
internals2 structure lifecycle
internals2 structure modstruct
internals2 structure tests
internals2 variables arrays
internals2 variables
internals2 variables intro
internals2 variables objects
internals2 variables tables
internals2 ze1
internals2 ze1 intro
internals2 ze1 streams
internals2 ze1 tsrm
internals2 ze1 zendapi
intl configuration
intl constants
intl examples basic
intl examples
intl installation
intl requirements
intl resources
intl setup
intlbreakiterator construct
intlbreakiterator createcharacterinstance
intlbreakiterator createcodepointinstance
intlbreakiterator createlineinstance
intlbreakiterator createsentenceinstance
intlbreakiterator createtitleinstance
intlbreakiterator createwordinstance
intlbreakiterator current
intlbreakiterator first
intlbreakiterator following
intlbreakiterator geterrorcode
intlbreakiterator geterrormessage
intlbreakiterator getlocale
intlbreakiterator getpartsiterator
intlbreakiterator gettext
intlbreakiterator isboundary
intlbreakiterator last
intlbreakiterator next
intlbreakiterator preceding
intlbreakiterator previous
intlbreakiterator settext
intlcalendar add
intlcalendar after
intlcalendar before
intlcalendar clear
intlcalendar construct
intlcalendar createinstance
intlcalendar equals
intlcalendar fielddifference
intlcalendar fromdatetime
intlcalendar get
intlcalendar getactualmaximum
intlcalendar getactualminimum
intlcalendar getavailablelocales
intlcalendar getdayofweektype
intlcalendar geterrorcode
intlcalendar geterrormessage
intlcalendar getfirstdayofweek
intlcalendar getgreatestminimum
intlcalendar getkeywordvaluesforlocale
intlcalendar getleastmaximum
intlcalendar getlocale
intlcalendar getmaximum
intlcalendar getminimaldaysinfirstweek
intlcalendar getminimum
intlcalendar getnow
intlcalendar getrepeatedwalltimeoption
intlcalendar getskippedwalltimeoption
intlcalendar gettime
intlcalendar gettimezone
intlcalendar gettype
intlcalendar getweekendtransition
intlcalendar indaylighttime
intlcalendar isequivalentto
intlcalendar islenient
intlcalendar isset
intlcalendar isweekend
intlcalendar roll
intlcalendar set
intlcalendar setfirstdayofweek
intlcalendar setlenient
intlcalendar setminimaldaysinfirstweek
intlcalendar setrepeatedwalltimeoption
intlcalendar setskippedwalltimeoption
intlcalendar settime
intlcalendar settimezone
intlcalendar todatetime
intlchar charage
intlchar chardigitvalue
intlchar chardirection
intlchar charfromname
intlchar charmirror
intlchar charname
intlchar chartype
intlchar chr
intlchar digit
intlchar enumcharnames
intlchar enumchartypes
intlchar foldcase
intlchar fordigit
intlchar getbidipairedbracket
intlchar getblockcode
intlchar getcombiningclass
intlchar getfc_nfkc_closure
intlchar getintpropertymaxvalue
intlchar getintpropertyminvalue
intlchar getintpropertyvalue
intlchar getnumericvalue
intlchar getpropertyenum
intlchar getpropertyname
intlchar getpropertyvalueenum
intlchar getpropertyvaluename
intlchar getunicodeversion
intlchar hasbinaryproperty
intlchar isalnum
intlchar isalpha
intlchar isbase
intlchar isblank
intlchar iscntrl
intlchar isdefined
intlchar isdigit
intlchar isgraph
intlchar isidignorable
intlchar isidpart
intlchar isidstart
intlchar isisocontrol
intlchar isjavaidpart
intlchar isjavaidstart
intlchar isjavaspacechar
intlchar islower
intlchar ismirrored
intlchar isprint
intlchar ispunct
intlchar isspace
intlchar istitle
intlchar isualphabetic
intlchar isulowercase
intlchar isupper
intlchar isuuppercase
intlchar isuwhitespace
intlchar iswhitespace
intlchar isxdigit
intlchar ord
intlchar tolower
intlchar totitle
intlchar toupper
intlcodepointbreakiterator getlastcodepoint
intldateformatter create
intldateformatter format
intldateformatter formatobject
intldateformatter getcalendar
intldateformatter getcalendarobject
intldateformatter getdatetype
intldateformatter geterrorcode
intldateformatter geterrormessage
intldateformatter getlocale
intldateformatter getpattern
intldateformatter gettimetype
intldateformatter gettimezone
intldateformatter gettimezoneid
intldateformatter islenient
intldateformatter localtime
intldateformatter parse
intldateformatter setcalendar
intldateformatter setlenient
intldateformatter setpattern
intldateformatter settimezone
intldateformatter settimezoneid
intliterator current
intliterator key
intliterator next
intliterator rewind
intliterator valid
intlpartsiterator getbreakiterator
intlrulebasedbreakiterator construct
intlrulebasedbreakiterator getbinaryrules
intlrulebasedbreakiterator getrules
intlrulebasedbreakiterator getrulestatus
intlrulebasedbreakiterator getrulestatusvec
intltimezone countequivalentids
intltimezone createdefault
intltimezone createenumeration
intltimezone createtimezone
intltimezone createtimezoneidenumeration
intltimezone fromdatetimezone
intltimezone getcanonicalid
intltimezone getdisplayname
intltimezone getdstsavings
intltimezone getequivalentid
intltimezone geterrorcode
intltimezone geterrormessage
intltimezone getgmt
intltimezone getid
intltimezone getidforwindowsid
intltimezone getoffset
intltimezone getrawoffset
intltimezone getregion
intltimezone gettzdataversion
intltimezone getunknown
intltimezone getwindowsid
intltimezone hassamerules
intltimezone todatetimezone
intltimezone usedaylighttime
intro_whatcando
intro_whatis
intro apache
intro apc
intro apcu
intro apd
intro array
intro bbcode
intro bc
intro bcompiler
intro blenc
intro bzip2
intro cairo
intro calendar
intro chdb
intro classkit
intro classobj
intro cmark
intro com
intro componere
intro crack
intro csprng
intro ctype
intro cubrid
intro curl
intro cyrus
intro datetime
intro dba
intro dbase
intro dbplus
intro dbx
intro dio
intro dom
intro ds
intro eio
intro enchant
intro errorfunc
intro ev
intro event
intro exec
intro exif
intro expect
intro fam
intro fann
intro fbsql
intro fdf
intro fileinfo
intro filepro
intro filesystem
intro filter
intro fpm
intro fribidi
intro ftp
intro funchand
intro gearman
intro gender
intro geoip
intro gettext
intro gmagick
intro gmp
intro gnupg
intro gupnp
intro haru
intro hash
intro hrtime
intro htscanner
intro hwapi
intro ibase
intro ibm_db2
intro iconv
intro id3
intro ifx
intro iisfunc
intro image
intro imagick
intro imap
intro inclued
intro info
intro ingres
intro inotify
intro intl
intro json
intro judy
intro kadm5
intro ktaglib
intro lapack
intro ldap
intro libevent
intro libxml
intro lua
intro lzf
intro mail
intro mailparse
intro math
intro maxdb
intro mbstring
intro mcrypt
intro mcve
intro memcache
intro memcached
intro memtrack
intro mhash
intro mime_magic
intro ming
intro misc
intro mnogosearch
intro mqseries
intro msession
intro msql
intro mssql
intro mysql_xdevapi
intro mysql
intro mysqli
intro mysqlnd_memcache
intro mysqlnd_ms
intro mysqlnd_mux
intro mysqlnd_qc
intro mysqlnd_uh
intro mysqlnd
intro ncurses
intro net_gopher
intro network
intro newt
intro nis
intro nsapi
intro oauth
intro oci8
intro oggvorbis
intro opcache
intro openal
intro openssl
intro outcontrol
intro paradox
intro parle
intro parsekit
intro password
intro pcntl
intro pcre
intro pdf
intro pdo
intro pgsql
intro phar
intro phdfs
intro phpdbg
intro pht
intro posix
intro proctitle
intro ps
intro pspell
intro pthreads
intro quickhash
intro radius
intro rar
intro readline
intro recode
intro reflection
intro regex
intro rpmreader
intro rrd
intro runkit
intro sam
intro sca
intro scream
intro sdo_das_xml
intro sdo
intro sdodasrel
intro seaslog
intro sem
intro session_pgsql
intro session
intro shmop
intro simplexml
intro snmp
intro soap
intro sockets
intro sodium
intro solr
intro sphinx
intro spl_types
intro spl
intro sqlite
intro sqlite3
intro sqlsrv
intro ssdeep
intro ssh2
intro stats
intro stomp
intro stream
intro strings
intro svm
intro svn
intro swish
intro swoole
intro sybase
intro sync
intro taint
intro tcpwrap
intro tidy
intro tokenizer
intro tokyo_tyrant
intro trader
intro ui
intro uodbc
intro uopz
intro url
intro v8js
intro var
intro varnish
intro vpopmail
intro wddx
intro weakref
intro win32ps
intro win32service
intro wincache
intro wkhtmltox
intro xattr
intro xdiff
intro xhprof
intro xlswriter
intro xml
intro xmldiff
intro xmlreader
intro xmlrpc
intro xmlwriter
intro xsl
intro yaconf
intro yaf
intro yaml
intro yar
intro yaz
intro zip
intro zlib
intro zmq
intro zookeeper
introduction
iterator current
iterator key
iterator next
iterator rewind
iterator valid
iteratoraggregate getiterator
iteratoriterator construct
iteratoriterator current
iteratoriterator getinneriterator
iteratoriterator key
iteratoriterator next
iteratoriterator rewind
iteratoriterator valid
json configuration
json constants
json installation
json requirements
json resources
json setup
jsonserializable jsonserialize
judy bycount
judy configuration
judy construct
judy count
judy destruct
judy first
judy firstempty
judy free
judy gettype
judy installation
judy last
judy lastempty
judy memoryusage
judy next
judy nextempty
judy offsetexists
judy offsetget
judy offsetset
judy offsetunset
judy prev
judy prevempty
judy requirements
judy resources
judy setup
judy size
kadm5 configuration
kadm5 constants
kadm5 constantsaf
kadm5 examples_connect
kadm5 examples
kadm5 installation
kadm5 requirements
kadm5 resources
kadm5 setup
ktaglib constants
ktaglib installation
ktaglib requirements
ktaglib setup
langref
language basic_syntax comments
language basic_syntax
language basic_syntax instruction_separation
language basic_syntax phpmode
language basic_syntax phptags
language constants
language constants predefined
language constants syntax
language control_structures
language errors basics
language errors
language errors php7
language exceptions extending
language exceptions
language expressions
language functions
language generators comparison
language generators
language generators overview
language generators syntax
language namespaces basics
language namespaces definition
language namespaces definitionmultiple
language namespaces dynamic
language namespaces fallback
language namespaces faq
language namespaces global
language namespaces
language namespaces importing
language namespaces nested
language namespaces nsconstants
language namespaces rationale
language namespaces rules
language oop5 abstract
language oop5 anonymous
language oop5 autoload
language oop5 basic
language oop5 changelog
language oop5 cloning
language oop5 constants
language oop5 decon
language oop5 final
language oop5
language oop5 inheritance
language oop5 interfaces
language oop5 iterations
language oop5 late_static_bindings
language oop5 magic
language oop5 object_comparison
language oop5 overloading
language oop5 paamayim_nekudotayim
language oop5 properties
language oop5 references
language oop5 serialization
language oop5 static
language oop5 traits
language oop5 typehinting
language oop5 visibility
language operators arithmetic
language operators array
language operators assignment
language operators bitwise
language operators comparison
language operators errorcontrol
language operators execution
language operators
language operators increment
language operators logical
language operators precedence
language operators string
language operators type
language pseudo_types
language references arent
language references
language references pass
language references return
language references spot
language references unset
language references whatare
language references whatdo
language types array
language types boolean
language types callable
language types float
language types
language types integer
language types intro
language types iterable
language types null
language types object
language types resource
language types string
language types type_juggling
language variables basics
language variables external
language variables
language variables predefined
language variables scope
language variables superglobals
language variables variable
lapack configuration
lapack constants
lapack eigenvalues
lapack identity
lapack installation
lapack leastsquaresbyfactorisation
lapack leastsquaresbysvd
lapack pseudoinverse
lapack requirements
lapack resources
lapack setup
lapack singularvalues
lapack solvelinearequation
ldap configuration
ldap constants
ldap controls
ldap examples_basic
ldap examples
ldap installation
ldap requirements
ldap resources
ldap setup
ldap using
libevent configuration
libevent constants
libevent examples
libevent installation
libevent requirements
libevent resources
libevent setup
libxml configuration
libxml constants
libxml installation
libxml requirements
libxml resources
libxml setup
limititerator construct
limititerator current
limititerator getinneriterator
limititerator getposition
limititerator key
limititerator next
limititerator rewind
limititerator seek
limititerator valid
locale acceptfromhttp
locale canonicalize
locale composelocale
locale filtermatches
locale getallvariants
locale getdefault
locale getdisplaylanguage
locale getdisplayname
locale getdisplayregion
locale getdisplayscript
locale getdisplayvariant
locale getkeywords
locale getprimarylanguage
locale getregion
locale getscript
locale lookup
locale parselocale
locale setdefault
lua assign
lua call
lua configuration
lua construct
lua eval
lua getversion
lua include
lua installation
lua registercallback
lua requirements
lua resources
lua setup
luaclosure invoke
lzf configuration
lzf constants
lzf installation
lzf requirements
lzf resources
lzf setup
mail configuration
mail constants
mail installation
mail requirements
mail resources
mail setup
mailparse configuration
mailparse constants
mailparse installation
mailparse requirements
mailparse resources
mailparse setup
manual
math configuration
math constants
math installation
math requirements
math resources
math setup
maxdb configuration
maxdb constants
maxdb examples_basic
maxdb examples
maxdb installation
maxdb requirements
maxdb resources
maxdb setup
mbstring configuration
mbstring constants
mbstring encodings
mbstring http
mbstring installation
mbstring ja_basic
mbstring overload
mbstring php4 req
mbstring requirements
mbstring resources
mbstring setup
mbstring supported_encodings
mcrypt ciphers
mcrypt configuration
mcrypt constants
mcrypt examples
mcrypt installation
mcrypt requirements
mcrypt resources
mcrypt setup
mcve configuration
mcve constants
mcve installation
mcve requirements
mcve resources
mcve setup
memcache add
memcache addserver
memcache close
memcache connect
memcache constants
memcache decrement
memcache delete
memcache examples_overview
memcache examples
memcache flush
memcache get
memcache getextendedstats
memcache getserverstatus
memcache getstats
memcache getversion
memcache increment
memcache ini
memcache installation
memcache pconnect
memcache replace
memcache requirements
memcache resources
memcache set
memcache setcompressthreshold
memcache setserverparams
memcache setup
memcached add
memcached addbykey
memcached addserver
memcached addservers
memcached append
memcached appendbykey
memcached callbacks
memcached callbacks read_through
memcached callbacks result
memcached cas
memcached casbykey
memcached configuration
memcached constants
memcached construct
memcached decrement
memcached decrementbykey
memcached delete
memcached deletebykey
memcached deletemulti
memcached deletemultibykey
memcached expiration
memcached fetch
memcached fetchall
memcached flush
memcached get
memcached getallkeys
memcached getbykey
memcached getdelayed
memcached getdelayedbykey
memcached getmulti
memcached getmultibykey
memcached getoption
memcached getresultcode
memcached getresultmessage
memcached getserverbykey
memcached getserverlist
memcached getstats
memcached getversion
memcached increment
memcached incrementbykey
memcached installation
memcached ispersistent
memcached ispristine
memcached prepend
memcached prependbykey
memcached quit
memcached replace
memcached replacebykey
memcached requirements
memcached resetserverlist
memcached resources
memcached sessions
memcached set
memcached setbykey
memcached setmulti
memcached setmultibykey
memcached setoption
memcached setoptions
memcached setsaslauthdata
memcached setup
memcached touch
memcached touchbykey
memtrack constants
memtrack examples basic
memtrack examples
memtrack ini
memtrack installation
memtrack requirements
memtrack resources
memtrack setup
messageformatter create
messageformatter format
messageformatter formatmessage
messageformatter geterrorcode
messageformatter geterrormessage
messageformatter getlocale
messageformatter getpattern
messageformatter parse
messageformatter parsemessage
messageformatter setpattern
mhash configuration
mhash constants
mhash examples
mhash installation
mhash requirements
mhash resources
mhash setup
migrating5 errorrep
migration5 changes
migration5 cli_cgi
migration5 configuration
migration5 databases
migration5 functions
migration5
migration5 incompatible
migration5 newconf
migration5 oop
migration51 changes
migration51 databases
migration51 datetime
migration51 errorcheck
migration51 extensions
migration51
migration51 integer_parameters
migration51 oop
migration51 reading
migration51 references
migration52 changes
migration52 class_constants
migration52 classes
migration52 datetime
migration52 error_messages
migration52 errorrep
migration52 functions
migration52 global_constants
migration52
migration52 incompatible
migration52 methods
migration52 new_extensions
migration52 newconf
migration52 other
migration52 parameters
migration52 removed_extensions
migration53 changes
migration53 class_constants
migration53 classes
migration53 deprecated
migration53 extensions_other
migration53 functions
migration53 global_constants
migration53
migration53 incompatible
migration53 ini
migration53 methods
migration53 new_extensions
migration53 new_features
migration53 new_stream_filters
migration53 new_stream_wrappers
migration53 other
migration53 parameters
migration53 removed_extensions
migration53 sapi
migration53 undeprecated
migration53 windows
migration54 changes
migration54 classes
migration54 deprecated
migration54 extensions_other
migration54 functions
migration54 global_constants
migration54
migration54 incompatible
migration54 ini
migration54 methods
migration54 new_features
migration54 other
migration54 parameters
migration54 removed_extensions
migration54 sapi
migration55 changed_functions
migration55 changes
migration55 classes
migration55 deprecated
migration55 extensions_other
migration55 global_constants
migration55
migration55 incompatible
migration55 ini
migration55 internals
migration55 new_features
migration55 new_functions
migration55 new_methods
migration56 changed_functions
migration56 constants
migration56 deprecated
migration56 extensions
migration56
migration56 incompatible
migration56 new_features
migration56 new_functions
migration56 openssl
migration70 changed_functions
migration70 classes
migration70 constants
migration70 deprecated
migration70
migration70 incompatible
migration70 new_features
migration70 new_functions
migration70 other_changes
migration70 removed_exts_sapis
migration70 sapi_changes
migration71 changed_functions
migration71 constants
migration71 deprecated
migration71
migration71 incompatible
migration71 new_features
migration71 new_functions
migration71 other_changes
migration71 windows_support
migration72 constants
migration72 deprecated
migration72
migration72 incompatible
migration72 new_features
migration72 new_functions
migration72 other_changes
migration73 constants
migration73 deprecated
migration73
migration73 incompatible
migration73 new_features
migration73 new_functions
migration73 other_changes
migration73 windows_support
mime_magic configuration
mime_magic constants
mime_magic installation
mime_magic requirements
mime_magic resources
mime_magic setup
ming configuration
ming constants
ming examples
ming examples swfaction
ming examples swfsprite_basic
ming install
ming requirements
ming resources
ming setup
misc configuration
misc constants
misc installation
misc requirements
misc resources
misc setup
mnogosearch configuration
mnogosearch constants
mnogosearch installation
mnogosearch requirements
mnogosearch resources
mnogosearch setup
mongo batch
mongo close
mongo configuration
mongo connect
mongo connecting auth
mongo connecting
mongo connecting mongos
mongo connecting persistent
mongo connecting persistent manual
mongo connecting pools
mongo connecting rs
mongo connecting ssl
mongo connecting uds
mongo connectutil
mongo constants
mongo construct
mongo context
mongo core
mongo exceptions
mongo get
mongo gethosts
mongo getpoolsize
mongo getslave
mongo getslaveokay
mongo gridfs
mongo installation
mongo manual
mongo miscellaneous
mongo pooldebug
mongo queries
mongo readpreferences
mongo requirements
mongo security
mongo setpoolsize
mongo setslaveokay
mongo setup
mongo sqltomongo
mongo switchslave
mongo testing
mongo tostring
mongo trouble
mongo tutorial collection
mongo tutorial connecting
mongo tutorial counting
mongo tutorial criteria
mongo tutorial cursor
mongo tutorial findone
mongo tutorial
mongo tutorial indexes
mongo tutorial insert
mongo tutorial insert multiple
mongo tutorial multi query
mongo tutorial selectdb
mongo types
mongo updates
mongo writeconcerns
mongo writes
mongobindata construct
mongobindata tostring
mongoclient construct
mongoclient dropdb
mongoclient getconnections
mongoclient getreadpreference
mongoclient getwriteconcern
mongoclient killcursor
mongoclient listdbs
mongoclient selectcollection
mongoclient selectdb
mongoclient setreadpreference
mongoclient setwriteconcern
mongocode construct
mongocode tostring
mongocollection __tostring
mongocollection aggregate
mongocollection aggregatecursor
mongocollection batchinsert
mongocollection construct
mongocollection count
mongocollection createdbref
mongocollection createindex
mongocollection deleteindex
mongocollection deleteindexes
mongocollection distinct
mongocollection drop
mongocollection ensureindex
mongocollection find
mongocollection findandmodify
mongocollection findone
mongocollection get
mongocollection getdbref
mongocollection getindexinfo
mongocollection getname
mongocollection getreadpreference
mongocollection getslaveokay
mongocollection getwriteconcern
mongocollection group
mongocollection insert
mongocollection parallelcollectionscan
mongocollection remove
mongocollection save
mongocollection setreadpreference
mongocollection setslaveokay
mongocollection setwriteconcern
mongocollection toindexstring
mongocollection update
mongocollection validate
mongocommandcursor batchsize
mongocommandcursor construct
mongocommandcursor createfromdocument
mongocommandcursor current
mongocommandcursor dead
mongocommandcursor getreadpreference
mongocommandcursor info
mongocommandcursor key
mongocommandcursor next
mongocommandcursor rewind
mongocommandcursor setreadpreference
mongocommandcursor timeout
mongocommandcursor valid
mongocursor addoption
mongocursor awaitdata
mongocursor batchsize
mongocursor construct
mongocursor count
mongocursor current
mongocursor dead
mongocursor doquery
mongocursor explain
mongocursor fields
mongocursor getnext
mongocursor getreadpreference
mongocursor hasnext
mongocursor hint
mongocursor immortal
mongocursor info
mongocursor key
mongocursor limit
mongocursor maxtimems
mongocursor next
mongocursor partial
mongocursor reset
mongocursor rewind
mongocursor setflag
mongocursor setreadpreference
mongocursor skip
mongocursor slaveokay
mongocursor snapshot
mongocursor sort
mongocursor tailable
mongocursor timeout
mongocursor valid
mongocursorexception gethost
mongocursorinterface batchsize
mongocursorinterface dead
mongocursorinterface getreadpreference
mongocursorinterface info
mongocursorinterface setreadpreference
mongocursorinterface timeout
mongodate construct
mongodate todatetime
mongodate tostring
mongodb_bson_binary construct
mongodb_bson_binary getdata
mongodb_bson_binary gettype
mongodb_bson_binary jsonserialize
mongodb_bson_binary serialize
mongodb_bson_binary tostring
mongodb_bson_binary unserialize
mongodb_bson_binaryinterface getdata
mongodb_bson_binaryinterface gettype
mongodb_bson_binaryinterface tostring
mongodb_bson_dbpointer construct
mongodb_bson_dbpointer jsonserialize
mongodb_bson_dbpointer serialize
mongodb_bson_dbpointer tostring
mongodb_bson_dbpointer unserialize
mongodb_bson_decimal128 construct
mongodb_bson_decimal128 jsonserialize
mongodb_bson_decimal128 serialize
mongodb_bson_decimal128 tostring
mongodb_bson_decimal128 unserialize
mongodb_bson_decimal128interface tostring
mongodb_bson_int64 construct
mongodb_bson_int64 jsonserialize
mongodb_bson_int64 serialize
mongodb_bson_int64 tostring
mongodb_bson_int64 unserialize
mongodb_bson_javascript construct
mongodb_bson_javascript getcode
mongodb_bson_javascript getscope
mongodb_bson_javascript jsonserialize
mongodb_bson_javascript serialize
mongodb_bson_javascript tostring
mongodb_bson_javascript unserialize
mongodb_bson_javascriptinterface getcode
mongodb_bson_javascriptinterface getscope
mongodb_bson_javascriptinterface tostring
mongodb_bson_maxkey construct
mongodb_bson_maxkey jsonserialize
mongodb_bson_maxkey serialize
mongodb_bson_maxkey unserialize
mongodb_bson_minkey construct
mongodb_bson_minkey jsonserialize
mongodb_bson_minkey serialize
mongodb_bson_minkey unserialize
mongodb_bson_objectid construct
mongodb_bson_objectid gettimestamp
mongodb_bson_objectid jsonserialize
mongodb_bson_objectid serialize
mongodb_bson_objectid tostring
mongodb_bson_objectid unserialize
mongodb_bson_objectidinterface gettimestamp
mongodb_bson_objectidinterface tostring
mongodb_bson_regex construct
mongodb_bson_regex getflags
mongodb_bson_regex getpattern
mongodb_bson_regex jsonserialize
mongodb_bson_regex serialize
mongodb_bson_regex tostring
mongodb_bson_regex unserialize
mongodb_bson_regexinterface getflags
mongodb_bson_regexinterface getpattern
mongodb_bson_regexinterface tostring
mongodb_bson_serializable bsonserialize
mongodb_bson_symbol construct
mongodb_bson_symbol jsonserialize
mongodb_bson_symbol serialize
mongodb_bson_symbol tostring
mongodb_bson_symbol unserialize
mongodb_bson_timestamp construct
mongodb_bson_timestamp getincrement
mongodb_bson_timestamp gettimestamp
mongodb_bson_timestamp jsonserialize
mongodb_bson_timestamp serialize
mongodb_bson_timestamp tostring
mongodb_bson_timestamp unserialize
mongodb_bson_timestampinterface getincrement
mongodb_bson_timestampinterface gettimestamp
mongodb_bson_timestampinterface tostring
mongodb_bson_undefined construct
mongodb_bson_undefined jsonserialize
mongodb_bson_undefined serialize
mongodb_bson_undefined tostring
mongodb_bson_undefined unserialize
mongodb_bson_unserializable bsonunserialize
mongodb_bson_utcdatetime construct
mongodb_bson_utcdatetime jsonserialize
mongodb_bson_utcdatetime serialize
mongodb_bson_utcdatetime todatetime
mongodb_bson_utcdatetime tostring
mongodb_bson_utcdatetime unserialize
mongodb_bson_utcdatetimeinterface todatetime
mongodb_bson_utcdatetimeinterface tostring
mongodb_driver_bulkwrite construct
mongodb_driver_bulkwrite count
mongodb_driver_bulkwrite delete
mongodb_driver_bulkwrite insert
mongodb_driver_bulkwrite update
mongodb_driver_command construct
mongodb_driver_commandexception getresultdocument
mongodb_driver_cursor construct
mongodb_driver_cursor getid
mongodb_driver_cursor getserver
mongodb_driver_cursor isdead
mongodb_driver_cursor settypemap
mongodb_driver_cursor toarray
mongodb_driver_cursorid construct
mongodb_driver_cursorid tostring
mongodb_driver_manager construct
mongodb_driver_manager executebulkwrite
mongodb_driver_manager executecommand
mongodb_driver_manager executequery
mongodb_driver_manager executereadcommand
mongodb_driver_manager executereadwritecommand
mongodb_driver_manager executewritecommand
mongodb_driver_manager getreadconcern
mongodb_driver_manager getreadpreference
mongodb_driver_manager getservers
mongodb_driver_manager getwriteconcern
mongodb_driver_manager selectserver
mongodb_driver_manager startsession
mongodb_driver_monitoring_commandfailedevent getcommandname
mongodb_driver_monitoring_commandfailedevent getdurationmicros
mongodb_driver_monitoring_commandfailedevent geterror
mongodb_driver_monitoring_commandfailedevent getoperationid
mongodb_driver_monitoring_commandfailedevent getreply
mongodb_driver_monitoring_commandfailedevent getrequestid
mongodb_driver_monitoring_commandfailedevent getserver
mongodb_driver_monitoring_commandstartedevent getcommand
mongodb_driver_monitoring_commandstartedevent getcommandname
mongodb_driver_monitoring_commandstartedevent getdatabasename
mongodb_driver_monitoring_commandstartedevent getoperationid
mongodb_driver_monitoring_commandstartedevent getrequestid
mongodb_driver_monitoring_commandstartedevent getserver
mongodb_driver_monitoring_commandsubscriber commandfailed
mongodb_driver_monitoring_commandsubscriber commandstarted
mongodb_driver_monitoring_commandsubscriber commandsucceeded
mongodb_driver_monitoring_commandsucceededevent getcommandname
mongodb_driver_monitoring_commandsucceededevent getdurationmicros
mongodb_driver_monitoring_commandsucceededevent getoperationid
mongodb_driver_monitoring_commandsucceededevent getreply
mongodb_driver_monitoring_commandsucceededevent getrequestid
mongodb_driver_monitoring_commandsucceededevent getserver
mongodb_driver_query construct
mongodb_driver_readconcern bsonserialize
mongodb_driver_readconcern construct
mongodb_driver_readconcern getlevel
mongodb_driver_readconcern isdefault
mongodb_driver_readpreference bsonserialize
mongodb_driver_readpreference construct
mongodb_driver_readpreference getmaxstalenessseconds
mongodb_driver_readpreference getmode
mongodb_driver_readpreference gettagsets
mongodb_driver_runtimeexception haserrorlabel
mongodb_driver_server construct
mongodb_driver_server executebulkwrite
mongodb_driver_server executecommand
mongodb_driver_server executequery
mongodb_driver_server executereadcommand
mongodb_driver_server executereadwritecommand
mongodb_driver_server executewritecommand
mongodb_driver_server gethost
mongodb_driver_server getinfo
mongodb_driver_server getlatency
mongodb_driver_server getport
mongodb_driver_server gettags
mongodb_driver_server gettype
mongodb_driver_server isarbiter
mongodb_driver_server ishidden
mongodb_driver_server ispassive
mongodb_driver_server isprimary
mongodb_driver_server issecondary
mongodb_driver_session aborttransaction
mongodb_driver_session advanceclustertime
mongodb_driver_session advanceoperationtime
mongodb_driver_session committransaction
mongodb_driver_session construct
mongodb_driver_session endsession
mongodb_driver_session getclustertime
mongodb_driver_session getlogicalsessionid
mongodb_driver_session getoperationtime
mongodb_driver_session starttransaction
mongodb_driver_writeconcern bsonserialize
mongodb_driver_writeconcern construct
mongodb_driver_writeconcern getjournal
mongodb_driver_writeconcern getw
mongodb_driver_writeconcern getwtimeout
mongodb_driver_writeconcern isdefault
mongodb_driver_writeconcernerror getcode
mongodb_driver_writeconcernerror getinfo
mongodb_driver_writeconcernerror getmessage
mongodb_driver_writeerror getcode
mongodb_driver_writeerror getindex
mongodb_driver_writeerror getinfo
mongodb_driver_writeerror getmessage
mongodb_driver_writeexception getwriteresult
mongodb_driver_writeresult getdeletedcount
mongodb_driver_writeresult getinsertedcount
mongodb_driver_writeresult getmatchedcount
mongodb_driver_writeresult getmodifiedcount
mongodb_driver_writeresult getserver
mongodb_driver_writeresult getupsertedcount
mongodb_driver_writeresult getupsertedids
mongodb_driver_writeresult getwriteconcernerror
mongodb_driver_writeresult getwriteerrors
mongodb_driver_writeresult isacknowledged
mongodb __tostring
mongodb architecture
mongodb authenticate
mongodb command
mongodb configuration
mongodb connection_handling
mongodb constants
mongodb construct
mongodb createcollection
mongodb createdbref
mongodb drop
mongodb dropcollection
mongodb exceptions
mongodb exceptions tree
mongodb execute
mongodb forceerror
mongodb get
mongodb getcollectioninfo
mongodb getcollectionnames
mongodb getdbref
mongodb getgridfs
mongodb getprofilinglevel
mongodb getreadpreference
mongodb getslaveokay
mongodb getwriteconcern
mongodb installation homebrew
mongodb installation
mongodb installation manual
mongodb installation pecl
mongodb installation windows
mongodb lasterror
mongodb listcollections
mongodb monitoring
mongodb overview
mongodb persistence deserialization
mongodb persistence
mongodb persistence serialization
mongodb preverror
mongodb repair
mongodb requirements
mongodb reseterror
mongodb security
mongodb security request_injection
mongodb security script_injection
mongodb selectcollection
mongodb setprofilinglevel
mongodb setreadpreference
mongodb setslaveokay
mongodb setup
mongodb setwriteconcern
mongodb tutorial apm
mongodb tutorial
mongodb tutorial library
mongodbref create
mongodbref get
mongodbref isref
mongodeletebatch construct
mongogridfs construct
mongogridfs delete
mongogridfs drop
mongogridfs find
mongogridfs findone
mongogridfs get
mongogridfs put
mongogridfs remove
mongogridfs storebytes
mongogridfs storefile
mongogridfs storeupload
mongogridfscursor construct
mongogridfscursor current
mongogridfscursor getnext
mongogridfscursor key
mongogridfsfile construct
mongogridfsfile getbytes
mongogridfsfile getfilename
mongogridfsfile getresource
mongogridfsfile getsize
mongogridfsfile write
mongoid construct
mongoid gethostname
mongoid getinc
mongoid getpid
mongoid gettimestamp
mongoid isvalid
mongoid set_state
mongoid tostring
mongoinsertbatch construct
mongoint32 construct
mongoint32 tostring
mongoint64 construct
mongoint64 tostring
mongolog getcallback
mongolog getlevel
mongolog getmodule
mongolog setcallback
mongolog setlevel
mongolog setmodule
mongopool getsize
mongopool info
mongopool setsize
mongoregex construct
mongoregex tostring
mongoresultexception getdocument
mongotimestamp construct
mongotimestamp tostring
mongoupdatebatch construct
mongowritebatch add
mongowritebatch construct
mongowritebatch execute
mongowriteconcernexception getdocument
mpegfile construct
mpegfile getaudioproperties
mpegfile getid3v1tag
mpegfile getid3v2tag
mqseries configure
mqseries constants
mqseries ini
mqseries requirements
mqseries resources
mqseries setup
msession configuration
msession constants
msession installation
msession requirements
msession resources
msession setup
msql configuration
msql constants
msql examples_basic
msql examples
msql installation
msql requirements
msql resources
msql setup
mssql configuration
mssql constants
mssql installation
mssql requirements
mssql resources
mssql setup
multipleiterator attachiterator
multipleiterator construct
multipleiterator containsiterator
multipleiterator countiterators
multipleiterator current
multipleiterator detachiterator
multipleiterator getflags
multipleiterator key
multipleiterator next
multipleiterator rewind
multipleiterator setflags
multipleiterator valid
mutex create
mutex destroy
mutex lock
mutex trylock
mutex unlock
mysql_xdevapi_baseresult getwarnings
mysql_xdevapi_baseresult getwarningscount
mysql_xdevapi_collection add
mysql_xdevapi_collection addorreplaceone
mysql_xdevapi_collection construct
mysql_xdevapi_collection count
mysql_xdevapi_collection createindex
mysql_xdevapi_collection dropindex
mysql_xdevapi_collection existsindatabase
mysql_xdevapi_collection find
mysql_xdevapi_collection getname
mysql_xdevapi_collection getone
mysql_xdevapi_collection getschema
mysql_xdevapi_collection getsession
mysql_xdevapi_collection modify
mysql_xdevapi_collection remove
mysql_xdevapi_collection removeone
mysql_xdevapi_collection replaceone
mysql_xdevapi_collectionadd construct
mysql_xdevapi_collectionadd execute
mysql_xdevapi_collectionfind bind
mysql_xdevapi_collectionfind construct
mysql_xdevapi_collectionfind execute
mysql_xdevapi_collectionfind fields
mysql_xdevapi_collectionfind groupby
mysql_xdevapi_collectionfind having
mysql_xdevapi_collectionfind limit
mysql_xdevapi_collectionfind lockexclusive
mysql_xdevapi_collectionfind lockshared
mysql_xdevapi_collectionfind offset
mysql_xdevapi_collectionfind sort
mysql_xdevapi_collectionmodify arrayappend
mysql_xdevapi_collectionmodify arrayinsert
mysql_xdevapi_collectionmodify bind
mysql_xdevapi_collectionmodify construct
mysql_xdevapi_collectionmodify execute
mysql_xdevapi_collectionmodify limit
mysql_xdevapi_collectionmodify patch
mysql_xdevapi_collectionmodify replace
mysql_xdevapi_collectionmodify set
mysql_xdevapi_collectionmodify skip
mysql_xdevapi_collectionmodify sort
mysql_xdevapi_collectionmodify unset
mysql_xdevapi_collectionremove bind
mysql_xdevapi_collectionremove construct
mysql_xdevapi_collectionremove execute
mysql_xdevapi_collectionremove limit
mysql_xdevapi_collectionremove sort
mysql_xdevapi_columnresult construct
mysql_xdevapi_columnresult getcharactersetname
mysql_xdevapi_columnresult getcollationname
mysql_xdevapi_columnresult getcolumnlabel
mysql_xdevapi_columnresult getcolumnname
mysql_xdevapi_columnresult getfractionaldigits
mysql_xdevapi_columnresult getlength
mysql_xdevapi_columnresult getschemaname
mysql_xdevapi_columnresult gettablelabel
mysql_xdevapi_columnresult gettablename
mysql_xdevapi_columnresult gettype
mysql_xdevapi_columnresult isnumbersigned
mysql_xdevapi_columnresult ispadded
mysql_xdevapi_crudoperationbindable bind
mysql_xdevapi_crudoperationlimitable limit
mysql_xdevapi_crudoperationskippable skip
mysql_xdevapi_crudoperationsortable sort
mysql_xdevapi_databaseobject existsindatabase
mysql_xdevapi_databaseobject getname
mysql_xdevapi_databaseobject getsession
mysql_xdevapi_docresult construct
mysql_xdevapi_docresult fetchall
mysql_xdevapi_docresult fetchone
mysql_xdevapi_docresult getwarnings
mysql_xdevapi_docresult getwarningscount
mysql_xdevapi_driver construct
mysql_xdevapi_executable execute
mysql_xdevapi_executionstatus construct
mysql_xdevapi_expression construct
mysql_xdevapi_fieldmetadata construct
mysql_xdevapi_result construct
mysql_xdevapi_result getautoincrementvalue
mysql_xdevapi_result getgeneratedids
mysql_xdevapi_result getwarnings
mysql_xdevapi_result getwarningscount
mysql_xdevapi_rowresult construct
mysql_xdevapi_rowresult fetchall
mysql_xdevapi_rowresult fetchone
mysql_xdevapi_rowresult getcolumncount
mysql_xdevapi_rowresult getcolumnnames
mysql_xdevapi_rowresult getcolumns
mysql_xdevapi_rowresult getwarnings
mysql_xdevapi_rowresult getwarningscount
mysql_xdevapi_schema construct
mysql_xdevapi_schema createcollection
mysql_xdevapi_schema dropcollection
mysql_xdevapi_schema existsindatabase
mysql_xdevapi_schema getcollection
mysql_xdevapi_schema getcollectionastable
mysql_xdevapi_schema getcollections
mysql_xdevapi_schema getname
mysql_xdevapi_schema getsession
mysql_xdevapi_schema gettable
mysql_xdevapi_schema gettables
mysql_xdevapi_schemaobject getschema
mysql_xdevapi_session close
mysql_xdevapi_session commit
mysql_xdevapi_session construct
mysql_xdevapi_session createschema
mysql_xdevapi_session dropschema
mysql_xdevapi_session executesql
mysql_xdevapi_session generateuuid
mysql_xdevapi_session getclientid
mysql_xdevapi_session getschema
mysql_xdevapi_session getschemas
mysql_xdevapi_session getserverversion
mysql_xdevapi_session killclient
mysql_xdevapi_session listclients
mysql_xdevapi_session quotename
mysql_xdevapi_session releasesavepoint
mysql_xdevapi_session rollback
mysql_xdevapi_session rollbackto
mysql_xdevapi_session setsavepoint
mysql_xdevapi_session sql
mysql_xdevapi_session starttransaction
mysql_xdevapi_sqlstatement bind
mysql_xdevapi_sqlstatement construct
mysql_xdevapi_sqlstatement execute
mysql_xdevapi_sqlstatement getnextresult
mysql_xdevapi_sqlstatement getresult
mysql_xdevapi_sqlstatement hasmoreresults
mysql_xdevapi_sqlstatementresult construct
mysql_xdevapi_sqlstatementresult fetchall
mysql_xdevapi_sqlstatementresult fetchone
mysql_xdevapi_sqlstatementresult getaffecteditemscount
mysql_xdevapi_sqlstatementresult getcolumncount
mysql_xdevapi_sqlstatementresult getcolumnnames
mysql_xdevapi_sqlstatementresult getcolumns
mysql_xdevapi_sqlstatementresult getgeneratedids
mysql_xdevapi_sqlstatementresult getlastinsertid
mysql_xdevapi_sqlstatementresult getwarningcount
mysql_xdevapi_sqlstatementresult getwarnings
mysql_xdevapi_sqlstatementresult hasdata
mysql_xdevapi_sqlstatementresult nextresult
mysql_xdevapi_statement construct
mysql_xdevapi_statement getnextresult
mysql_xdevapi_statement getresult
mysql_xdevapi_statement hasmoreresults
mysql_xdevapi_table construct
mysql_xdevapi_table count
mysql_xdevapi_table delete
mysql_xdevapi_table existsindatabase
mysql_xdevapi_table getname
mysql_xdevapi_table getschema
mysql_xdevapi_table getsession
mysql_xdevapi_table insert
mysql_xdevapi_table isview
mysql_xdevapi_table select
mysql_xdevapi_table update
mysql_xdevapi_tabledelete bind
mysql_xdevapi_tabledelete construct
mysql_xdevapi_tabledelete execute
mysql_xdevapi_tabledelete limit
mysql_xdevapi_tabledelete offset
mysql_xdevapi_tabledelete orderby
mysql_xdevapi_tabledelete where
mysql_xdevapi_tableinsert construct
mysql_xdevapi_tableinsert execute
mysql_xdevapi_tableinsert values
mysql_xdevapi_tableselect bind
mysql_xdevapi_tableselect construct
mysql_xdevapi_tableselect execute
mysql_xdevapi_tableselect groupby
mysql_xdevapi_tableselect having
mysql_xdevapi_tableselect limit
mysql_xdevapi_tableselect lockexclusive
mysql_xdevapi_tableselect lockshared
mysql_xdevapi_tableselect offset
mysql_xdevapi_tableselect orderby
mysql_xdevapi_tableselect where
mysql_xdevapi_tableupdate bind
mysql_xdevapi_tableupdate construct
mysql_xdevapi_tableupdate execute
mysql_xdevapi_tableupdate limit
mysql_xdevapi_tableupdate orderby
mysql_xdevapi_tableupdate set
mysql_xdevapi_tableupdate where
mysql_xdevapi_warning construct
mysql_xdevapi_xsession construct
mysql_xdevapi build
mysql_xdevapi configuration
mysql_xdevapi constants
mysql_xdevapi examples
mysql_xdevapi installation
mysql_xdevapi requirements
mysql_xdevapi setup
mysql configuration
mysql constants
mysql examples_basic
mysql examples
mysql
mysql installation
mysql requirements
mysql resources
mysql setup
mysqli_driver embedded_server_end
mysqli_driver embedded_server_start
mysqli_driver report_mode
mysqli_result current_field
mysqli_result data_seek
mysqli_result fetch_all
mysqli_result fetch_array
mysqli_result fetch_assoc
mysqli_result fetch_field_direct
mysqli_result fetch_field
mysqli_result fetch_fields
mysqli_result fetch_object
mysqli_result fetch_row
mysqli_result field_count
mysqli_result field_seek
mysqli_result free
mysqli_result lengths
mysqli_result num_rows
mysqli_stmt affected_rows
mysqli_stmt attr_get
mysqli_stmt attr_set
mysqli_stmt bind_param
mysqli_stmt bind_result
mysqli_stmt close
mysqli_stmt construct
mysqli_stmt data_seek
mysqli_stmt errno
mysqli_stmt error_list
mysqli_stmt error
mysqli_stmt execute
mysqli_stmt fetch
mysqli_stmt field_count
mysqli_stmt free_result
mysqli_stmt get_result
mysqli_stmt get_warnings
mysqli_stmt insert_id
mysqli_stmt more_results
mysqli_stmt next_result
mysqli_stmt num_rows
mysqli_stmt param_count
mysqli_stmt prepare
mysqli_stmt reset
mysqli_stmt result_metadata
mysqli_stmt send_long_data
mysqli_stmt sqlstate
mysqli_stmt store_result
mysqli_warning construct
mysqli_warning next
mysqli affected_rows
mysqli autocommit
mysqli begin_transaction
mysqli change_user
mysqli character_set_name
mysqli close
mysqli commit
mysqli configuration
mysqli connect_errno
mysqli connect_error
mysqli constants
mysqli construct
mysqli debug
mysqli dump_debug_info
mysqli errno
mysqli error_list
mysqli error
mysqli examples_basic
mysqli examples
mysqli field_count
mysqli get_charset
mysqli get_client_info
mysqli get_client_version
mysqli get_connection_stats
mysqli get_host_info
mysqli get_proto_info
mysqli get_server_info
mysqli get_server_version
mysqli get_warnings
mysqli info
mysqli init
mysqli insert_id
mysqli installation
mysqli kill
mysqli more_results
mysqli multi_query
mysqli next_result
mysqli notes
mysqli options
mysqli overview
mysqli persistconns
mysqli ping
mysqli poll
mysqli prepare
mysqli query
mysqli quickstart connections
mysqli quickstart dual_interface
mysqli quickstart
mysqli quickstart metadata
mysqli quickstart multiple_statement
mysqli quickstart prepared_statements
mysqli quickstart statements
mysqli quickstart stored_procedures
mysqli quickstart transactions
mysqli real_connect
mysqli real_escape_string
mysqli real_query
mysqli reap_async_query
mysqli refresh
mysqli release_savepoint
mysqli requirements
mysqli resources
mysqli rollback
mysqli rpl_query_type
mysqli savepoint
mysqli select_db
mysqli send_query
mysqli set_charset
mysqli set_local_infile_default
mysqli set_local_infile_handler
mysqli setup
mysqli sqlstate
mysqli ssl_set
mysqli stat
mysqli stmt_init
mysqli store_result
mysqli summary
mysqli thread_id
mysqli thread_safe
mysqli use_result
mysqli warning_count
mysqlinfo api choosing
mysqlinfo concepts buffering
mysqlinfo concepts charset
mysqlinfo concepts
mysqlinfo library choosing
mysqlinfo terminology
mysqlnd_memcache changes_one_o
mysqlnd_memcache changes
mysqlnd_memcache configuration
mysqlnd_memcache constants
mysqlnd_memcache installation
mysqlnd_memcache quickstart configuration
mysqlnd_memcache quickstart
mysqlnd_memcache quickstart usage
mysqlnd_memcache requirements
mysqlnd_memcache setup
mysqlnd_ms architecture
mysqlnd_ms changes_one_five
mysqlnd_ms changes_one_four
mysqlnd_ms changes_one_o
mysqlnd_ms changes_one_one
mysqlnd_ms changes_one_six
mysqlnd_ms changes_one_three
mysqlnd_ms changes_one_two
mysqlnd_ms changes
mysqlnd_ms concept_cache
mysqlnd_ms concept_xa_trx
mysqlnd_ms concepts
mysqlnd_ms configuration
mysqlnd_ms constants
mysqlnd_ms errorhandling
mysqlnd_ms failover
mysqlnd_ms filter
mysqlnd_ms gtid
mysqlnd_ms installation
mysqlnd_ms loadbalancing
mysqlnd_ms plugin_ini_json
mysqlnd_ms pooling
mysqlnd_ms qos_consistency
mysqlnd_ms quickstart cache
mysqlnd_ms quickstart configuration
mysqlnd_ms quickstart connectionpooling
mysqlnd_ms quickstart failover
mysqlnd_ms quickstart gtid
mysqlnd_ms quickstart
mysqlnd_ms quickstart mysql_fabric
mysqlnd_ms quickstart partitioning
mysqlnd_ms quickstart qos_consistency
mysqlnd_ms quickstart sqlhints
mysqlnd_ms quickstart transactions
mysqlnd_ms quickstart usage
mysqlnd_ms quickstart xa_transactions
mysqlnd_ms requirements
mysqlnd_ms rwsplit
mysqlnd_ms setup
mysqlnd_ms supportedclusters
mysqlnd_ms transaction
mysqlnd_ms transient_errors
mysqlnd_mux architecture
mysqlnd_mux changes_one_o
mysqlnd_mux changes
mysqlnd_mux concepts
mysqlnd_mux configuration
mysqlnd_mux connection_pool
mysqlnd_mux constants
mysqlnd_mux installation
mysqlnd_mux requirements
mysqlnd_mux setup
mysqlnd_mux sharing_connections
mysqlnd_qc cache_candidates
mysqlnd_qc cache_efficiency
mysqlnd_qc changes_one_o
mysqlnd_qc changes_one_one
mysqlnd_qc changes_one_two
mysqlnd_qc changes
mysqlnd_qc configuration
mysqlnd_qc constants
mysqlnd_qc installation
mysqlnd_qc pattern_based_caching
mysqlnd_qc per_query_ttl
mysqlnd_qc quickstart caching
mysqlnd_qc quickstart concepts
mysqlnd_qc quickstart configuration
mysqlnd_qc quickstart
mysqlnd_qc requirements
mysqlnd_qc set_user_handlers
mysqlnd_qc setup
mysqlnd_qc slam_defense
mysqlnd_uh changes_one_o
mysqlnd_uh changes
mysqlnd_uh configuration
mysqlnd_uh constants
mysqlnd_uh installation
mysqlnd_uh quickstart configuration
mysqlnd_uh quickstart how_it_works
mysqlnd_uh quickstart
mysqlnd_uh quickstart proxy_installation
mysqlnd_uh quickstart query_monitoring
mysqlnd_uh requirements
mysqlnd_uh resources
mysqlnd_uh setup
mysqlnd config
mysqlnd incompatibilities
mysqlnd install
mysqlnd memory
mysqlnd notes
mysqlnd overview
mysqlnd persist
mysqlnd plugin api
mysqlnd plugin architecture
mysqlnd plugin developing
mysqlnd plugin
mysqlnd plugin mysql_proxy
mysqlnd plugin obtaining
mysqlnd stats
mysqlnduhconnection changeuser
mysqlnduhconnection charsetname
mysqlnduhconnection close
mysqlnduhconnection connect
mysqlnduhconnection construct
mysqlnduhconnection endpsession
mysqlnduhconnection escapestring
mysqlnduhconnection getaffectedrows
mysqlnduhconnection geterrornumber
mysqlnduhconnection geterrorstring
mysqlnduhconnection getfieldcount
mysqlnduhconnection gethostinformation
mysqlnduhconnection getlastinsertid
mysqlnduhconnection getlastmessage
mysqlnduhconnection getprotocolinformation
mysqlnduhconnection getserverinformation
mysqlnduhconnection getserverstatistics
mysqlnduhconnection getserverversion
mysqlnduhconnection getsqlstate
mysqlnduhconnection getstatistics
mysqlnduhconnection getthreadid
mysqlnduhconnection getwarningcount
mysqlnduhconnection init
mysqlnduhconnection killconnection
mysqlnduhconnection listfields
mysqlnduhconnection listmethod
mysqlnduhconnection moreresults
mysqlnduhconnection nextresult
mysqlnduhconnection ping
mysqlnduhconnection query
mysqlnduhconnection queryreadresultsetheader
mysqlnduhconnection reapquery
mysqlnduhconnection refreshserver
mysqlnduhconnection restartpsession
mysqlnduhconnection selectdb
mysqlnduhconnection sendclose
mysqlnduhconnection sendquery
mysqlnduhconnection serverdumpdebuginformation
mysqlnduhconnection setautocommit
mysqlnduhconnection setcharset
mysqlnduhconnection setclientoption
mysqlnduhconnection setserveroption
mysqlnduhconnection shutdownserver
mysqlnduhconnection simplecommand
mysqlnduhconnection simplecommandhandleresponse
mysqlnduhconnection sslset
mysqlnduhconnection stmtinit
mysqlnduhconnection storeresult
mysqlnduhconnection txcommit
mysqlnduhconnection txrollback
mysqlnduhconnection useresult
mysqlnduhpreparedstatement construct
mysqlnduhpreparedstatement execute
mysqlnduhpreparedstatement prepare
ncurses colorconsts
ncurses configuration
ncurses constants
ncurses errconsts
ncurses installation
ncurses keyconsts
ncurses mouseconsts
ncurses requirements
ncurses resources
ncurses setup
net_gopher configuration
net_gopher constants
net_gopher examples_basic
net_gopher examples
net_gopher install
net_gopher requirements
net_gopher resources
net_gopher setup
network configuration
network constants
network installation
network requirements
network resources
network setup
newt configuration
newt constants
newt examples_usage
newt examples
newt installation
newt requirements
newt resources
newt setup
nis configuration
nis constants
nis installation
nis requirements
nis resources
nis setup
norewinditerator construct
norewinditerator current
norewinditerator getinneriterator
norewinditerator key
norewinditerator next
norewinditerator rewind
norewinditerator valid
normalizer getrawdecomposition
normalizer isnormalized
normalizer normalize
nsapi configuration
nsapi constants
nsapi installation
nsapi requirements
nsapi resources
nsapi setup
numberformatter create
numberformatter format
numberformatter formatcurrency
numberformatter getattribute
numberformatter geterrorcode
numberformatter geterrormessage
numberformatter getlocale
numberformatter getpattern
numberformatter getsymbol
numberformatter gettextattribute
numberformatter parse
numberformatter parsecurrency
numberformatter setattribute
numberformatter setpattern
numberformatter setsymbol
numberformatter settextattribute
oauth configuration
oauth constants
oauth construct
oauth destruct
oauth disabledebug
oauth disableredirects
oauth disablesslchecks
oauth enabledebug
oauth enableredirects
oauth enablesslchecks
oauth examples fireeagle
oauth examples
oauth fetch
oauth generatesignature
oauth getaccesstoken
oauth getcapath
oauth getlastresponse
oauth getlastresponseheaders
oauth getlastresponseinfo
oauth getrequestheader
oauth getrequesttoken
oauth installation
oauth requirements
oauth resources
oauth setauthtype
oauth setcapath
oauth setnonce
oauth setrequestengine
oauth setrsacertificate
oauth setsslchecks
oauth settimestamp
oauth settoken
oauth setup
oauth setversion
oauthprovider addrequiredparameter
oauthprovider callconsumerhandler
oauthprovider calltimestampnoncehandler
oauthprovider calltokenhandler
oauthprovider checkoauthrequest
oauthprovider construct
oauthprovider consumerhandler
oauthprovider generatetoken
oauthprovider is2leggedendpoint
oauthprovider isrequesttokenendpoint
oauthprovider removerequiredparameter
oauthprovider reportproblem
oauthprovider setparam
oauthprovider setrequesttokenpath
oauthprovider timestampnoncehandler
oauthprovider tokenhandler
oci_collection append
oci_collection assign
oci_collection assignelem
oci_collection free
oci_collection getelem
oci_collection max
oci_collection size
oci_collection trim
oci_lob append
oci_lob close
oci_lob eof
oci_lob erase
oci_lob export
oci_lob flush
oci_lob free
oci_lob getbuffering
oci_lob import
oci_lob load
oci_lob read
oci_lob rewind
oci_lob save
oci_lob savefile
oci_lob seek
oci_lob setbuffering
oci_lob size
oci_lob tell
oci_lob truncate
oci_lob write
oci_lob writetemporary
oci_lob writetofile
oci8 configuration
oci8 connection
oci8 constants
oci8 datatypes
oci8 dtrace
oci8 examples
oci8 fan
oci8 installation
oci8 requirements
oci8 setup
oci8 taf
oci8 test
odbc configuration
odbc installation
oggvorbis configuration
oggvorbis constants
oggvorbis contexts
oggvorbis examples_basisc
oggvorbis examples
oggvorbis installation
oggvorbis requirements
oggvorbis resources
oggvorbis setup
oldaliases cubrid
oldaliases oci8
oop5 intro
opcache configuration
opcache installation
opcache requirements
opcache resources
opcache setup
openal configuration
openal constants
openal installation
openal requirements
openal resources
openal setup
openssl cert verification
openssl certparams
openssl ciphers
openssl configuration
openssl constants
openssl constsni
openssl constversion
openssl installation
openssl key_types
openssl padding
openssl pkcs7 flags
openssl purpose_check
openssl requirements
openssl resources
openssl setup
openssl signature_algos
outcontrol configuration
outcontrol constants
outcontrol examples basic
outcontrol examples
outcontrol examples rewrite
outcontrol installation
outcontrol requirements
outcontrol resources
outcontrol setup
outeriterator getinneriterator
paradox configuration
paradox constants
paradox installation
paradox requirements
paradox resources
paradox setup
parentiterator accept
parentiterator construct
parentiterator getchildren
parentiterator haschildren
parentiterator next
parentiterator rewind
parle_lexer advance
parle_lexer build
parle_lexer callout
parle_lexer consume
parle_lexer dump
parle_lexer gettoken
parle_lexer insertmacro
parle_lexer push
parle_lexer reset
parle_parser advance
parle_parser build
parle_parser consume
parle_parser dump
parle_parser errorinfo
parle_parser left
parle_parser nonassoc
parle_parser precedence
parle_parser push
parle_parser reset
parle_parser right
parle_parser sigil
parle_parser token
parle_parser tokenid
parle_parser trace
parle_parser validate
parle_rlexer advance
parle_rlexer build
parle_rlexer callout
parle_rlexer consume
parle_rlexer dump
parle_rlexer gettoken
parle_rlexer insertmacro
parle_rlexer push
parle_rlexer pushstate
parle_rlexer reset
parle_rparser advance
parle_rparser build
parle_rparser consume
parle_rparser dump
parle_rparser errorinfo
parle_rparser left
parle_rparser nonassoc
parle_rparser precedence
parle_rparser push
parle_rparser reset
parle_rparser right
parle_rparser sigil
parle_rparser token
parle_rparser tokenid
parle_rparser trace
parle_rparser validate
parle_stack pop
parle_stack push
parle constants
parle examples
parle examples lexer
parle examples parser
parle installation
parle pattern matching
parle regex alternation
parle regex anchors
parle regex charclass
parle regex chars
parle regex grouping
parle regex unicodecharclass
parle requirements
parle setup
parsekit configuration
parsekit constants
parsekit installation
parsekit requirements
parsekit resources
parsekit setup
password configuration
password constants
password installation
password requirements
password resources
password setup
pcntl configuration
pcntl constants
pcntl example
pcntl examples
pcntl installation
pcntl requirements
pcntl resources
pcntl setup
pcre configuration
pcre constants
pcre examples
pcre installation
pcre pattern
pcre requirements
pcre resources
pcre setup
pdf configuration
pdf constants
pdf examples_basic
pdf examples
pdf installation
pdf requirements
pdf resources
pdf setup
pdo_4d constants
pdo_4d examples
pdo_4d sqltypes
pdo begintransaction
pdo commit
pdo configuration
pdo connections
pdo constants
pdo construct
pdo cubrid_schema
pdo drivers
pdo error_handling
pdo errorcode
pdo errorinfo
pdo exec
pdo getattribute
pdo getavailabledrivers
pdo installation
pdo intransaction
pdo lastinsertid
pdo lobs
pdo pgsqlcopyfromarray
pdo pgsqlcopyfromfile
pdo pgsqlcopytoarray
pdo pgsqlcopytofile
pdo pgsqlgetnotify
pdo pgsqlgetpid
pdo pgsqllobcreate
pdo pgsqllobopen
pdo pgsqllobunlink
pdo prepare
pdo prepared_statements
pdo query
pdo quote
pdo requirements
pdo resources
pdo rollback
pdo setattribute
pdo setup
pdo sqlitecreateaggregate
pdo sqlitecreatecollation
pdo sqlitecreatefunction
pdo transactions
pdostatement bindcolumn
pdostatement bindparam
pdostatement bindvalue
pdostatement closecursor
pdostatement columncount
pdostatement debugdumpparams
pdostatement errorcode
pdostatement errorinfo
pdostatement execute
pdostatement fetch
pdostatement fetchall
pdostatement fetchcolumn
pdostatement fetchobject
pdostatement getattribute
pdostatement getcolumnmeta
pdostatement nextrowset
pdostatement rowcount
pdostatement setattribute
pdostatement setfetchmode
pecl kadm5 constantsop
pgsql configuration
pgsql constants
pgsql examples_basic
pgsql examples
pgsql installation
pgsql requirements
pgsql resources
pgsql setup
phar addemptydir
phar addfile
phar addfromstring
phar apiversion
phar buildfromdirectory
phar buildfromiterator
phar cancompress
phar canwrite
phar compress
phar compressallfilesbzip2
phar compressallfilesgz
phar compressfiles
phar configuration
phar constants
phar construct
phar converttodata
phar converttoexecutable
phar copy
phar count
phar createdefaultstub
phar creating
phar creating intro
phar decompress
phar decompressfiles
phar delete
phar delmetadata
phar extractto
phar fileformat comparison
phar fileformat flags
phar fileformat
phar fileformat ingredients
phar fileformat manifestfile
phar fileformat phar
phar fileformat signature
phar fileformat stub
phar fileformat tar
phar fileformat zip
phar getalias
phar getmetadata
phar getmodified
phar getpath
phar getsignature
phar getstub
phar getsupportedcompression
phar getsupportedsignatures
phar getversion
phar hasmetadata
phar installation
phar interceptfilefuncs
phar isbuffering
phar iscompressed
phar isfileformat
phar isvalidpharfilename
phar iswritable
phar loadphar
phar mapphar
phar mount
phar mungserver
phar offsetexists
phar offsetget
phar offsetset
phar offsetunset
phar requirements
phar resources
phar running
phar setalias
phar setdefaultstub
phar setmetadata
phar setsignaturealgorithm
phar setstub
phar setup
phar startbuffering
phar stopbuffering
phar uncompressallfiles
phar unlinkarchive
phar using
phar using intro
phar using object
phar using stream
phar webphar
phardata addemptydir
phardata addfile
phardata addfromstring
phardata buildfromdirectory
phardata buildfromiterator
phardata compress
phardata compressfiles
phardata construct
phardata converttodata
phardata converttoexecutable
phardata copy
phardata decompress
phardata decompressfiles
phardata delete
phardata delmetadata
phardata extractto
phardata iswritable
phardata offsetset
phardata offsetunset
phardata setalias
phardata setdefaultstub
phardata setmetadata
phardata setsignaturealgorithm
phardata setstub
pharexception intro unused
pharfileinfo chmod
pharfileinfo compress
pharfileinfo construct
pharfileinfo decompress
pharfileinfo delmetadata
pharfileinfo getcompressedsize
pharfileinfo getcontent
pharfileinfo getcrc32
pharfileinfo getmetadata
pharfileinfo getpharflags
pharfileinfo hasmetadata
pharfileinfo iscompressed
pharfileinfo iscompressedbzip2
pharfileinfo iscompressedgz
pharfileinfo iscrcchecked
pharfileinfo setcompressedbzip2
pharfileinfo setcompressedgz
pharfileinfo setmetadata
pharfileinfo setuncompressed
phdfs configuration
phdfs connect
phdfs constants
phdfs construct
phdfs copy
phdfs create_directory
phdfs delete
phdfs destruct
phdfs disconnect
phdfs exists
phdfs file_info
phdfs installation
phdfs list_directory
phdfs read
phdfs rename
phdfs requirements
phdfs resources
phdfs setup
phdfs tell
phdfs write
php_user_filter filter
php_user_filter onclose
php_user_filter oncreate
phpdbg configuration
phpdbg constants
phpdbg setup
pht_atomicinteger construct
pht_atomicinteger dec
pht_atomicinteger get
pht_atomicinteger inc
pht_atomicinteger lock
pht_atomicinteger set
pht_atomicinteger unlock
pht_hashtable lock
pht_hashtable size
pht_hashtable unlock
pht_queue front
pht_queue lock
pht_queue pop
pht_queue push
pht_queue size
pht_queue unlock
pht_runnable run
pht_thread addClassTask
pht_thread addFileTask
pht_thread addFunctionTask
pht_thread join
pht_thread start
pht_thread taskCount
pht_threaded lock
pht_threaded unlock
pht_vector construct
pht_vector deleteAt
pht_vector insertAt
pht_vector lock
pht_vector pop
pht_vector push
pht_vector resize
pht_vector shift
pht_vector size
pht_vector unlock
pht_vector unshift
pht_vector updateAt
pht configuration
pht installation
pht requirements
pht setup
pool collect
pool construct
pool resize
pool shutdown
pool submit
pool submitTo
posix configuration
posix constants access
posix constants
posix constants mknod
posix constants setrlimit
posix installation
posix requirements
posix resources
posix setup
preface
proctitle configuration
proctitle constants
proctitle installation
proctitle requirements
proctitle resources
proctitle setup
ps configuration
ps constants
ps installation
ps requirements
ps resources
ps setup
pspell configuration
pspell constants
pspell installation
pspell requirements
pspell resources
pspell setup
pthreads configuration
pthreads constants
pthreads installation
pthreads modifiers
pthreads requirements
pthreads setup
quickhash configuration
quickhash constants
quickhash examples
quickhash installation
quickhash requirements
quickhash setup
quickhashinthash add
quickhashinthash construct
quickhashinthash delete
quickhashinthash exists
quickhashinthash get
quickhashinthash getsize
quickhashinthash loadfromfile
quickhashinthash loadfromstring
quickhashinthash savetofile
quickhashinthash savetostring
quickhashinthash set
quickhashinthash update
quickhashintset add
quickhashintset construct
quickhashintset delete
quickhashintset exists
quickhashintset getsize
quickhashintset loadfromfile
quickhashintset loadfromstring
quickhashintset savetofile
quickhashintset savetostring
quickhashintstringhash add
quickhashintstringhash construct
quickhashintstringhash delete
quickhashintstringhash exists
quickhashintstringhash get
quickhashintstringhash getsize
quickhashintstringhash loadfromfile
quickhashintstringhash loadfromstring
quickhashintstringhash savetofile
quickhashintstringhash savetostring
quickhashintstringhash set
quickhashintstringhash update
quickhashstringinthash add
quickhashstringinthash construct
quickhashstringinthash delete
quickhashstringinthash exists
quickhashstringinthash get
quickhashstringinthash getsize
quickhashstringinthash loadfromfile
quickhashstringinthash loadfromstring
quickhashstringinthash savetofile
quickhashstringinthash savetostring
quickhashstringinthash set
quickhashstringinthash update
radius configuration
radius constants attributes
radius constants
radius constants options
radius constants packets
radius constants vendor_specific
radius examples
radius installation
radius requirements
radius resources
radius setup
rar configuration
rar constants
rar examples
rar installation
rar requirements
rar resources
rar setup
rararchive close
rararchive getcomment
rararchive getentries
rararchive getentry
rararchive isbroken
rararchive issolid
rararchive open
rararchive setallowbroken
rararchive tostring
rarentry extract
rarentry getattr
rarentry getcrc
rarentry getfiletime
rarentry gethostos
rarentry getmethod
rarentry getname
rarentry getpackedsize
rarentry getstream
rarentry getunpackedsize
rarentry getversion
rarentry isdirectory
rarentry isencrypted
rarentry tostring
rarexception isusingexceptions
rarexception setusingexceptions
readline configuration
readline constants
readline installation
readline requirements
readline resources
readline setup
recode configuration
recode constants
recode installation
recode requirements
recode resources
recode setup
recursivearrayiterator getchildren
recursivearrayiterator haschildren
recursivecachingiterator construct
recursivecachingiterator getchildren
recursivecachingiterator haschildren
recursivecallbackfilteriterator construct
recursivecallbackfilteriterator getchildren
recursivecallbackfilteriterator haschildren
recursivedirectoryiterator construct
recursivedirectoryiterator getchildren
recursivedirectoryiterator getsubpath
recursivedirectoryiterator getsubpathname
recursivedirectoryiterator haschildren
recursivedirectoryiterator key
recursivedirectoryiterator next
recursivedirectoryiterator rewind
recursivefilteriterator construct
recursivefilteriterator getchildren
recursivefilteriterator haschildren
recursiveiterator getchildren
recursiveiterator haschildren
recursiveiteratoriterator beginchildren
recursiveiteratoriterator beginiteration
recursiveiteratoriterator callgetchildren
recursiveiteratoriterator callhaschildren
recursiveiteratoriterator construct
recursiveiteratoriterator current
recursiveiteratoriterator endchildren
recursiveiteratoriterator enditeration
recursiveiteratoriterator getdepth
recursiveiteratoriterator getinneriterator
recursiveiteratoriterator getmaxdepth
recursiveiteratoriterator getsubiterator
recursiveiteratoriterator key
recursiveiteratoriterator next
recursiveiteratoriterator nextelement
recursiveiteratoriterator rewind
recursiveiteratoriterator setmaxdepth
recursiveiteratoriterator valid
recursiveregexiterator construct
recursiveregexiterator getchildren
recursiveregexiterator haschildren
recursivetreeiterator beginchildren
recursivetreeiterator beginiteration
recursivetreeiterator callgetchildren
recursivetreeiterator callhaschildren
recursivetreeiterator construct
recursivetreeiterator current
recursivetreeiterator endchildren
recursivetreeiterator enditeration
recursivetreeiterator getentry
recursivetreeiterator getpostfix
recursivetreeiterator getprefix
recursivetreeiterator key
recursivetreeiterator next
recursivetreeiterator nextelement
recursivetreeiterator rewind
recursivetreeiterator setpostfix
recursivetreeiterator setprefixpart
recursivetreeiterator valid
ref apache
ref apc
ref apcu
ref apd
ref array
ref bbcode
ref bc
ref bcompiler
ref blenc
ref bson functions
ref bzip2
ref cairo
ref calendar
ref chdb
ref classkit
ref classobj
ref cmark
ref com
ref crack
ref csprng
ref ctype
ref cubrid
ref curl
ref cyrus
ref datetime
ref dba
ref dbase
ref dbplus
ref dbx
ref dio
ref dir
ref dom
ref eio
ref enchant
ref errorfunc
ref exec
ref exif
ref expect
ref fam
ref fann
ref fbsql
ref fdf
ref fileinfo
ref filepro
ref filesystem
ref filter
ref fpm
ref fribidi
ref ftp
ref funchand
ref geoip
ref gettext
ref gmp
ref gnupg
ref gupnp
ref hash
ref hwapi
ref ibase
ref ibm_db2
ref iconv
ref id3
ref ifx
ref iisfunc
ref image
ref imap
ref inclued
ref info
ref ingres
ref inotify
ref intl grapheme
ref intl
ref intl idn
ref json
ref judy
ref kadm5
ref ldap
ref libevent
ref libxml
ref lzf
ref mail
ref mailparse
ref math
ref maxdb
ref mbstring
ref mcrypt
ref mcve
ref memcache
ref mhash
ref ming
ref misc
ref mnogosearch
ref mongo
ref monitoring functions
ref mqseries
ref msession
ref msql
ref mssql
ref mysql_xdevapi
ref mysql
ref mysqli
ref mysqlnd_memcache
ref mysqlnd_ms
ref mysqlnd_qc
ref mysqlnd_uh
ref ncurses
ref net_gopher
ref network
ref newt
ref nis
ref nsapi
ref oauth
ref oci8
ref opcache
ref openal
ref openssl
ref outcontrol
ref paradox
ref parsekit
ref password
ref pcntl
ref pcre
ref pdf
ref pdo_4d connection
ref pdo_4d
ref pdo_4d sql4d
ref pdo_cubrid connection
ref pdo_cubrid
ref pdo_dblib connection
ref pdo_dblib
ref pdo_firebird connection
ref pdo_firebird
ref pdo_ibm connection
ref pdo_ibm
ref pdo_informix connection
ref pdo_informix
ref pdo_mysql connection
ref pdo_mysql
ref pdo_oci connection
ref pdo_oci
ref pdo_odbc connection
ref pdo_odbc
ref pdo_pgsql connection
ref pdo_pgsql
ref pdo_sqlite connection
ref pdo_sqlite
ref pdo_sqlsrv connection
ref pdo_sqlsrv
ref pgsql
ref phpdbg
ref posix
ref proctitle
ref ps
ref pspell
ref radius
ref rar
ref readline
ref recode
ref regex
ref rpmreader
ref rrd
ref runkit
ref sam
ref sca
ref sdo_das_xml
ref sdo
ref sdodasrel
ref seaslog
ref sem
ref session_pgsql
ref session
ref shmop
ref simplexml
ref snmp
ref soap
ref sockets
ref sodium
ref solr
ref spl
ref sqlite
ref sqlsrv
ref ssdeep
ref ssh2
ref stats
ref stomp
ref stream
ref strings
ref svn
ref swish
ref swoole_funcs
ref sybase
ref taint
ref tcpwrap
ref tidy
ref tokenizer
ref trader
ref ui
ref uodbc
ref uopz
ref url
ref var
ref vpopmail
ref wddx
ref win32ps
ref win32service
ref wincache
ref xattr
ref xdiff
ref xhprof
ref xml
ref xmlrpc
ref xmlwriter
ref yaml
ref yaz
ref zip
ref zlib
ref zookeeper
reference componere
reference pcre pattern differences
reference pcre pattern modifiers
reference pcre pattern posix
reference pcre pattern syntax
reflection configuration
reflection constants
reflection examples
reflection export
reflection extending
reflection getmodifiernames
reflection installation
reflection requirements
reflection resources
reflection setup
reflectionclass construct
reflectionclass export
reflectionclass getconstant
reflectionclass getconstants
reflectionclass getconstructor
reflectionclass getdefaultproperties
reflectionclass getdoccomment
reflectionclass getendline
reflectionclass getextension
reflectionclass getextensionname
reflectionclass getfilename
reflectionclass getinterfacenames
reflectionclass getinterfaces
reflectionclass getmethod
reflectionclass getmethods
reflectionclass getmodifiers
reflectionclass getname
reflectionclass getnamespacename
reflectionclass getparentclass
reflectionclass getproperties
reflectionclass getproperty
reflectionclass getreflectionconstant
reflectionclass getreflectionconstants
reflectionclass getshortname
reflectionclass getstartline
reflectionclass getstaticproperties
reflectionclass getstaticpropertyvalue
reflectionclass gettraitaliases
reflectionclass gettraitnames
reflectionclass gettraits
reflectionclass hasconstant
reflectionclass hasmethod
reflectionclass hasproperty
reflectionclass implementsinterface
reflectionclass innamespace
reflectionclass isabstract
reflectionclass isanonymous
reflectionclass iscloneable
reflectionclass isfinal
reflectionclass isinstance
reflectionclass isinstantiable
reflectionclass isinterface
reflectionclass isinternal
reflectionclass isiterable
reflectionclass isiterateable
reflectionclass issubclassof
reflectionclass istrait
reflectionclass isuserdefined
reflectionclass newinstance
reflectionclass newinstanceargs
reflectionclass newinstancewithoutconstructor
reflectionclass setstaticpropertyvalue
reflectionclass tostring
reflectionclassconstant construct
reflectionclassconstant export
reflectionclassconstant getdeclaringclass
reflectionclassconstant getdoccomment
reflectionclassconstant getmodifiers
reflectionclassconstant getname
reflectionclassconstant getvalue
reflectionclassconstant isprivate
reflectionclassconstant isprotected
reflectionclassconstant ispublic
reflectionclassconstant tostring
reflectionextension clone
reflectionextension construct
reflectionextension export
reflectionextension getclasses
reflectionextension getclassnames
reflectionextension getconstants
reflectionextension getdependencies
reflectionextension getfunctions
reflectionextension getinientries
reflectionextension getname
reflectionextension getversion
reflectionextension info
reflectionextension ispersistent
reflectionextension istemporary
reflectionextension tostring
reflectionfunction construct
reflectionfunction export
reflectionfunction getclosure
reflectionfunction invoke
reflectionfunction invokeargs
reflectionfunction isdisabled
reflectionfunction tostring
reflectionfunctionabstract clone
reflectionfunctionabstract getclosurescopeclass
reflectionfunctionabstract getclosurethis
reflectionfunctionabstract getdoccomment
reflectionfunctionabstract getendline
reflectionfunctionabstract getextension
reflectionfunctionabstract getextensionname
reflectionfunctionabstract getfilename
reflectionfunctionabstract getname
reflectionfunctionabstract getnamespacename
reflectionfunctionabstract getnumberofparameters
reflectionfunctionabstract getnumberofrequiredparameters
reflectionfunctionabstract getparameters
reflectionfunctionabstract getreturntype
reflectionfunctionabstract getshortname
reflectionfunctionabstract getstartline
reflectionfunctionabstract getstaticvariables
reflectionfunctionabstract hasreturntype
reflectionfunctionabstract innamespace
reflectionfunctionabstract isclosure
reflectionfunctionabstract isdeprecated
reflectionfunctionabstract isgenerator
reflectionfunctionabstract isinternal
reflectionfunctionabstract isuserdefined
reflectionfunctionabstract isvariadic
reflectionfunctionabstract returnsreference
reflectionfunctionabstract tostring
reflectiongenerator construct
reflectiongenerator getexecutingfile
reflectiongenerator getexecutinggenerator
reflectiongenerator getexecutingline
reflectiongenerator getfunction
reflectiongenerator getthis
reflectiongenerator gettrace
reflectionmethod construct
reflectionmethod export
reflectionmethod getclosure
reflectionmethod getdeclaringclass
reflectionmethod getmodifiers
reflectionmethod getprototype
reflectionmethod invoke
reflectionmethod invokeargs
reflectionmethod isabstract
reflectionmethod isconstructor
reflectionmethod isdestructor
reflectionmethod isfinal
reflectionmethod isprivate
reflectionmethod isprotected
reflectionmethod ispublic
reflectionmethod isstatic
reflectionmethod setaccessible
reflectionmethod tostring
reflectionobject construct
reflectionobject export
reflectionparameter allowsnull
reflectionparameter canbepassedbyvalue
reflectionparameter clone
reflectionparameter construct
reflectionparameter export
reflectionparameter getclass
reflectionparameter getdeclaringclass
reflectionparameter getdeclaringfunction
reflectionparameter getdefaultvalue
reflectionparameter getdefaultvalueconstantname
reflectionparameter getname
reflectionparameter getposition
reflectionparameter gettype
reflectionparameter hastype
reflectionparameter isarray
reflectionparameter iscallable
reflectionparameter isdefaultvalueavailable
reflectionparameter isdefaultvalueconstant
reflectionparameter isoptional
reflectionparameter ispassedbyreference
reflectionparameter isvariadic
reflectionparameter tostring
reflectionproperty clone
reflectionproperty construct
reflectionproperty export
reflectionproperty getdeclaringclass
reflectionproperty getdoccomment
reflectionproperty getmodifiers
reflectionproperty getname
reflectionproperty getvalue
reflectionproperty isdefault
reflectionproperty isprivate
reflectionproperty isprotected
reflectionproperty ispublic
reflectionproperty isstatic
reflectionproperty setaccessible
reflectionproperty setvalue
reflectionproperty tostring
reflectiontype allowsnull
reflectiontype isbuiltin
reflectiontype tostring
reflectionzendextension clone
reflectionzendextension construct
reflectionzendextension export
reflectionzendextension getauthor
reflectionzendextension getcopyright
reflectionzendextension getname
reflectionzendextension geturl
reflectionzendextension getversion
reflectionzendextension tostring
reflector export
reflector tostring
refs basic other
refs basic php
refs basic session
refs basic text
refs basic vartype
refs calendar
refs compression
refs creditcard
refs crypto
refs database abstract
refs database
refs database vendors
refs fileprocess file
refs fileprocess process
refs international
refs math
refs remote auth
refs remote mail
refs remote other
refs search
refs ui
refs utilspec audio
refs utilspec cmdline
refs utilspec image
refs utilspec nontext
refs utilspec server
refs utilspec windows
refs webservice
refs xml
regex configuration
regex constants
regex examples
regex installation
regex requirements
regex resources
regex setup
regexiterator accept
regexiterator construct
regexiterator getflags
regexiterator getmode
regexiterator getpregflags
regexiterator getregex
regexiterator setflags
regexiterator setmode
regexiterator setpregflags
regexp introduction
regexp reference alternation
regexp reference anchors
regexp reference assertions
regexp reference back_references
regexp reference character_classes
regexp reference comments
regexp reference conditional
regexp reference delimiters
regexp reference dot
regexp reference escape
regexp reference internal_options
regexp reference meta
regexp reference onlyonce
regexp reference performance
regexp reference recursive
regexp reference repetition
regexp reference subpatterns
regexp reference unicode
reserved classes
reserved constants
reserved exceptions
reserved
reserved interfaces
reserved keywords
reserved other_reserved_words
reserved variables argc
reserved variables argv
reserved variables cookies
reserved variables environment
reserved variables files
reserved variables get
reserved variables globals
reserved variables
reserved variables httprawpostdata
reserved variables httpresponseheader
reserved variables phperrormsg
reserved variables post
reserved variables request
reserved variables server
reserved variables session
resource
resourcebundle count
resourcebundle create
resourcebundle get
resourcebundle geterrorcode
resourcebundle geterrormessage
resourcebundle locales
rpmreader configuration
rpmreader constants
rpmreader examples_basic
rpmreader examples
rpmreader installation
rpmreader requirements
rpmreader resources
rpmreader setup
rrd configuration
rrd constants
rrd examples_oop
rrd examples_procedural
rrd examples
rrd installation
rrd requirements
rrd resources
rrd setup
rrdcreator addarchive
rrdcreator adddatasource
rrdcreator construct
rrdcreator save
rrdgraph construct
rrdgraph save
rrdgraph saveverbose
rrdgraph setoptions
rrdupdater construct
rrdupdater update
runkit configuration
runkit constants
runkit installation
runkit requirements
runkit resources
runkit sandbox_parent
runkit sandbox
runkit setup
sam configuration
sam connections
sam constants
sam errors
sam examples
sam installation
sam messages
sam operations
sam pubsub
sam requirements
sam resources
sam setup
samconnection commit
samconnection connect
samconnection construct
samconnection disconnect
samconnection errno
samconnection error
samconnection isconnected
samconnection peek
samconnection peekall
samconnection receive
samconnection remove
samconnection rollback
samconnection send
samconnection setdebug
samconnection subscribe
samconnection unsubscribe
sammessage body
sammessage construct
sammessage header
sca_localproxy createdataobject
sca_soapproxy createdataobject
sca configuration
sca constants
sca createdataobject
sca examples calling
sca examples deploy
sca examples errorhandling
sca examples exposing_webservice
sca examples
sca examples nonscascript
sca examples obtaining_wsdl
sca examples proxies
sca examples structure
sca examples structures
sca examples understanding_wsdl
sca getservice
sca installation
sca requirements
sca resources
sca setup
scream configuration
scream examples_simple
scream examples
scream installation
scream requirements
scream resources
scream setup
sdo_das_changesummary beginlogging
sdo_das_changesummary endlogging
sdo_das_changesummary getchangeddataobjects
sdo_das_changesummary getchangetype
sdo_das_changesummary getoldcontainer
sdo_das_changesummary getoldvalues
sdo_das_changesummary islogging
sdo_das_datafactory addpropertytotype
sdo_das_datafactory addtype
sdo_das_datafactory getdatafactory
sdo_das_dataobject getchangesummary
sdo_das_relational applychanges
sdo_das_relational construct
sdo_das_relational createrootdataobject
sdo_das_relational executepreparedquery
sdo_das_relational executequery
sdo_das_setting getlistindex
sdo_das_setting getpropertyindex
sdo_das_setting getpropertyname
sdo_das_setting getvalue
sdo_das_setting isset
sdo_das_xml_document getrootdataobject
sdo_das_xml_document getrootelementname
sdo_das_xml_document getrootelementuri
sdo_das_xml_document setencoding
sdo_das_xml_document setxmldeclaration
sdo_das_xml_document setxmlversion
sdo_das_xml addtypes
sdo_das_xml configuration
sdo_das_xml constants
sdo_das_xml create
sdo_das_xml createdataobject
sdo_das_xml createdocument
sdo_das_xml examples
sdo_das_xml installation
sdo_das_xml loadfile
sdo_das_xml loadstring
sdo_das_xml requirements
sdo_das_xml resources
sdo_das_xml savefile
sdo_das_xml savestring
sdo_das_xml setup
sdo_datafactory create
sdo_dataobject clear
sdo_dataobject createdataobject
sdo_dataobject getcontainer
sdo_dataobject getsequence
sdo_dataobject gettypename
sdo_dataobject gettypenamespaceuri
sdo_exception getcause
sdo_list insert
sdo_model_property getcontainingtype
sdo_model_property getdefault
sdo_model_property getname
sdo_model_property gettype
sdo_model_property iscontainment
sdo_model_property ismany
sdo_model_reflectiondataobject construct
sdo_model_reflectiondataobject export
sdo_model_reflectiondataobject getcontainmentproperty
sdo_model_reflectiondataobject getinstanceproperties
sdo_model_reflectiondataobject gettype
sdo_model_type getbasetype
sdo_model_type getname
sdo_model_type getnamespaceuri
sdo_model_type getproperties
sdo_model_type getproperty
sdo_model_type isabstracttype
sdo_model_type isdatatype
sdo_model_type isinstance
sdo_model_type isopentype
sdo_model_type issequencedtype
sdo_sequence getproperty
sdo_sequence insert
sdo_sequence move
sdo configuration
sdo constants
sdo examples_basic
sdo examples
sdo installation
sdo limitations
sdo requirements
sdo resources
sdo sample getset
sdo sample reflection
sdo sample sequence
sdo setup
sdodasrel configuration
sdodasrel constants
sdodasrel examples_crud
sdodasrel examples
sdodasrel examples one_table
sdodasrel examples three_table
sdodasrel examples two_table
sdodasrel installation
sdodasrel limitations
sdodasrel metadata
sdodasrel requirements
sdodasrel resources
sdodasrel setup
seaslog alert
seaslog analyzercount
seaslog analyzerdetail
seaslog configuration
seaslog constants
seaslog construct
seaslog critical
seaslog debug
seaslog destruct
seaslog emergency
seaslog error
seaslog examples
seaslog flushbuffer
seaslog getbasepath
seaslog getbuffer
seaslog getbufferenabled
seaslog getdatetimeformat
seaslog getlastlogger
seaslog getrequestid
seaslog info
seaslog installation
seaslog log
seaslog notice
seaslog requirements
seaslog resources
seaslog setbasepath
seaslog setdatetimeformat
seaslog setlogger
seaslog setrequestid
seaslog setup
seaslog warning
security apache
security cgi_bin attacks
security cgi_bin default
security cgi_bin doc_root
security cgi_bin force_redirect
security cgi_bin
security cgi_bin shell
security current
security database connection
security database design
security database
security database sql_injection
security database storage
security errors
security filesystem
security filesystem nullbytes
security general
security globals
security hiding
security
security intro
security magicquotes disabling
security magicquotes
security magicquotes what
security magicquotes why
security magicquotes whynot
security sessions
security variables
seekableiterator seek
sem configuration
sem constants
sem installation
sem requirements
sem resources
sem setup
serializable serialize
serializable unserialize
session_pgsql configuration
session_pgsql constants
session_pgsql installation
session_pgsql requirements
session_pgsql resources
session_pgsql setup
session_pgsql tables
session configuration
session constants
session customhandler
session examples basic
session examples
session idpassing
session installation
session requirements
session resources
session security
session security ini
session setup
session upload_progress
sessionhandler close
sessionhandler create_sid
sessionhandler destroy
sessionhandler gc
sessionhandler open
sessionhandler read
sessionhandler write
sessionhandlerinterface close
sessionhandlerinterface destroy
sessionhandlerinterface gc
sessionhandlerinterface open
sessionhandlerinterface read
sessionhandlerinterface write
sessionidinterface create_sid
sessionupdatetimestamphandlerinterface updatetimestamp
sessionupdatetimestamphandlerinterface validateid
set mongodb
set mysqlinfo
shmop configuration
shmop constants
shmop examples_basic
shmop examples
shmop installation
shmop requirements
shmop resources
shmop setup
simplexml configuration
simplexml constants
simplexml examples_basic
simplexml examples_errors
simplexml examples
simplexml installation
simplexml requirements
simplexml resources
simplexml setup
simplexmlelement addattribute
simplexmlelement addchild
simplexmlelement asxml
simplexmlelement attributes
simplexmlelement children
simplexmlelement construct
simplexmlelement count
simplexmlelement getdocnamespaces
simplexmlelement getname
simplexmlelement getnamespaces
simplexmlelement registerxpathnamespace
simplexmlelement savexml
simplexmlelement tostring
simplexmlelement xpath
simplexmliterator current
simplexmliterator getchildren
simplexmliterator haschildren
simplexmliterator key
simplexmliterator next
simplexmliterator rewind
simplexmliterator valid
snmp close
snmp configuration
snmp constants
snmp construct
snmp get
snmp geterrno
snmp geterror
snmp getnext
snmp installation
snmp requirements
snmp resources
snmp set
snmp setsecurity
snmp setup
snmp walk
soap configuration
soap constants
soap installation
soap requirements
soap resources
soap setup
soapclient call
soapclient construct
soapclient dorequest
soapclient getcookies
soapclient getfunctions
soapclient getlastrequest
soapclient getlastrequestheaders
soapclient getlastresponse
soapclient getlastresponseheaders
soapclient gettypes
soapclient setcookie
soapclient setlocation
soapclient setsoapheaders
soapclient soapcall
soapclient soapclient
soapfault construct
soapfault soapfault
soapfault tostring
soapheader construct
soapheader soapheader
soapparam construct
soapparam soapparam
soapserver addfunction
soapserver addsoapheader
soapserver construct
soapserver fault
soapserver getfunctions
soapserver handle
soapserver setclass
soapserver setobject
soapserver setpersistence
soapserver soapserver
soapvar construct
soapvar soapvar
sockets configuration
sockets constants
sockets errors
sockets examples
sockets installation
sockets requirements
sockets resources
sockets setup
sodium configuration
sodium constants
sodium installation
sodium requirements
sodium resources
sodium setup
solr configuration
solr constants
solr examples
solr installation
solr requirements
solr resources
solr setup
solrclient adddocument
solrclient adddocuments
solrclient commit
solrclient construct
solrclient deletebyid
solrclient deletebyids
solrclient deletebyqueries
solrclient deletebyquery
solrclient destruct
solrclient getbyid
solrclient getbyids
solrclient getdebug
solrclient getoptions
solrclient optimize
solrclient ping
solrclient query
solrclient request
solrclient rollback
solrclient setresponsewriter
solrclient setservlet
solrclient system
solrclient threads
solrclientexception getinternalinfo
solrcollapsefunction construct
solrcollapsefunction getfield
solrcollapsefunction gethint
solrcollapsefunction getmax
solrcollapsefunction getmin
solrcollapsefunction getnullpolicy
solrcollapsefunction getsize
solrcollapsefunction setfield
solrcollapsefunction sethint
solrcollapsefunction setmax
solrcollapsefunction setmin
solrcollapsefunction setnullpolicy
solrcollapsefunction setsize
solrcollapsefunction tostring
solrdismaxquery addbigramphrasefield
solrdismaxquery addboostquery
solrdismaxquery addphrasefield
solrdismaxquery addqueryfield
solrdismaxquery addtrigramphrasefield
solrdismaxquery adduserfield
solrdismaxquery construct
solrdismaxquery removebigramphrasefield
solrdismaxquery removeboostquery
solrdismaxquery removephrasefield
solrdismaxquery removequeryfield
solrdismaxquery removetrigramphrasefield
solrdismaxquery removeuserfield
solrdismaxquery setbigramphrasefields
solrdismaxquery setbigramphraseslop
solrdismaxquery setboostfunction
solrdismaxquery setboostquery
solrdismaxquery setminimummatch
solrdismaxquery setphrasefields
solrdismaxquery setphraseslop
solrdismaxquery setqueryalt
solrdismaxquery setqueryphraseslop
solrdismaxquery settiebreaker
solrdismaxquery settrigramphrasefields
solrdismaxquery settrigramphraseslop
solrdismaxquery setuserfields
solrdismaxquery usedismaxqueryparser
solrdismaxquery useedismaxqueryparser
solrdocument addfield
solrdocument clear
solrdocument clone
solrdocument construct
solrdocument current
solrdocument deletefield
solrdocument destruct
solrdocument fieldexists
solrdocument get
solrdocument getchilddocuments
solrdocument getchilddocumentscount
solrdocument getfield
solrdocument getfieldcount
solrdocument getfieldnames
solrdocument getinputdocument
solrdocument haschilddocuments
solrdocument isset
solrdocument key
solrdocument merge
solrdocument next
solrdocument offsetexists
solrdocument offsetget
solrdocument offsetset
solrdocument offsetunset
solrdocument reset
solrdocument rewind
solrdocument serialize
solrdocument set
solrdocument sort
solrdocument toarray
solrdocument unserialize
solrdocument unset
solrdocument valid
solrdocumentfield construct
solrdocumentfield destruct
solrexception getinternalinfo
solrgenericresponse construct
solrgenericresponse destruct
solrillegalargumentexception getinternalinfo
solrillegaloperationexception getinternalinfo
solrinputdocument addchilddocument
solrinputdocument addchilddocuments
solrinputdocument addfield
solrinputdocument clear
solrinputdocument clone
solrinputdocument construct
solrinputdocument deletefield
solrinputdocument destruct
solrinputdocument fieldexists
solrinputdocument getboost
solrinputdocument getchilddocuments
solrinputdocument getchilddocumentscount
solrinputdocument getfield
solrinputdocument getfieldboost
solrinputdocument getfieldcount
solrinputdocument getfieldnames
solrinputdocument haschilddocuments
solrinputdocument merge
solrinputdocument reset
solrinputdocument setboost
solrinputdocument setfieldboost
solrinputdocument sort
solrinputdocument toarray
solrmodifiableparams construct
solrmodifiableparams destruct
solrobject construct
solrobject destruct
solrobject getpropertynames
solrobject offsetexists
solrobject offsetget
solrobject offsetset
solrobject offsetunset
solrparams add
solrparams addparam
solrparams get
solrparams getparam
solrparams getparams
solrparams getpreparedparams
solrparams serialize
solrparams set
solrparams setparam
solrparams tostring
solrparams unserialize
solrpingresponse construct
solrpingresponse destruct
solrpingresponse getresponse
solrquery addexpandfilterquery
solrquery addexpandsortfield
solrquery addfacetdatefield
solrquery addfacetdateother
solrquery addfacetfield
solrquery addfacetquery
solrquery addfield
solrquery addfilterquery
solrquery addgroupfield
solrquery addgroupfunction
solrquery addgroupquery
solrquery addgroupsortfield
solrquery addhighlightfield
solrquery addmltfield
solrquery addmltqueryfield
solrquery addsortfield
solrquery addstatsfacet
solrquery addstatsfield
solrquery collapse
solrquery construct
solrquery destruct
solrquery getexpand
solrquery getexpandfilterqueries
solrquery getexpandquery
solrquery getexpandrows
solrquery getexpandsortfields
solrquery getfacet
solrquery getfacetdateend
solrquery getfacetdatefields
solrquery getfacetdategap
solrquery getfacetdatehardend
solrquery getfacetdateother
solrquery getfacetdatestart
solrquery getfacetfields
solrquery getfacetlimit
solrquery getfacetmethod
solrquery getfacetmincount
solrquery getfacetmissing
solrquery getfacetoffset
solrquery getfacetprefix
solrquery getfacetqueries
solrquery getfacetsort
solrquery getfields
solrquery getfilterqueries
solrquery getgroup
solrquery getgroupcachepercent
solrquery getgroupfacet
solrquery getgroupfields
solrquery getgroupformat
solrquery getgroupfunctions
solrquery getgrouplimit
solrquery getgroupmain
solrquery getgroupngroups
solrquery getgroupoffset
solrquery getgroupqueries
solrquery getgroupsortfields
solrquery getgrouptruncate
solrquery gethighlight
solrquery gethighlightalternatefield
solrquery gethighlightfields
solrquery gethighlightformatter
solrquery gethighlightfragmenter
solrquery gethighlightfragsize
solrquery gethighlighthighlightmultiterm
solrquery gethighlightmaxalternatefieldlength
solrquery gethighlightmaxanalyzedchars
solrquery gethighlightmergecontiguous
solrquery gethighlightregexmaxanalyzedchars
solrquery gethighlightregexpattern
solrquery gethighlightregexslop
solrquery gethighlightrequirefieldmatch
solrquery gethighlightsimplepost
solrquery gethighlightsimplepre
solrquery gethighlightsnippets
solrquery gethighlightusephrasehighlighter
solrquery getmlt
solrquery getmltboost
solrquery getmltcount
solrquery getmltfields
solrquery getmltmaxnumqueryterms
solrquery getmltmaxnumtokens
solrquery getmltmaxwordlength
solrquery getmltmindocfrequency
solrquery getmltmintermfrequency
solrquery getmltminwordlength
solrquery getmltqueryfields
solrquery getquery
solrquery getrows
solrquery getsortfields
solrquery getstart
solrquery getstats
solrquery getstatsfacets
solrquery getstatsfields
solrquery getterms
solrquery gettermsfield
solrquery gettermsincludelowerbound
solrquery gettermsincludeupperbound
solrquery gettermslimit
solrquery gettermslowerbound
solrquery gettermsmaxcount
solrquery gettermsmincount
solrquery gettermsprefix
solrquery gettermsreturnraw
solrquery gettermssort
solrquery gettermsupperbound
solrquery gettimeallowed
solrquery removeexpandfilterquery
solrquery removeexpandsortfield
solrquery removefacetdatefield
solrquery removefacetdateother
solrquery removefacetfield
solrquery removefacetquery
solrquery removefield
solrquery removefilterquery
solrquery removehighlightfield
solrquery removemltfield
solrquery removemltqueryfield
solrquery removesortfield
solrquery removestatsfacet
solrquery removestatsfield
solrquery setechohandler
solrquery setechoparams
solrquery setexpand
solrquery setexpandquery
solrquery setexpandrows
solrquery setexplainother
solrquery setfacet
solrquery setfacetdateend
solrquery setfacetdategap
solrquery setfacetdatehardend
solrquery setfacetdatestart
solrquery setfacetenumcachemindefaultfrequency
solrquery setfacetlimit
solrquery setfacetmethod
solrquery setfacetmincount
solrquery setfacetmissing
solrquery setfacetoffset
solrquery setfacetprefix
solrquery setfacetsort
solrquery setgroup
solrquery setgroupcachepercent
solrquery setgroupfacet
solrquery setgroupformat
solrquery setgrouplimit
solrquery setgroupmain
solrquery setgroupngroups
solrquery setgroupoffset
solrquery setgrouptruncate
solrquery sethighlight
solrquery sethighlightalternatefield
solrquery sethighlightformatter
solrquery sethighlightfragmenter
solrquery sethighlightfragsize
solrquery sethighlighthighlightmultiterm
solrquery sethighlightmaxalternatefieldlength
solrquery sethighlightmaxanalyzedchars
solrquery sethighlightmergecontiguous
solrquery sethighlightregexmaxanalyzedchars
solrquery sethighlightregexpattern
solrquery sethighlightregexslop
solrquery sethighlightrequirefieldmatch
solrquery sethighlightsimplepost
solrquery sethighlightsimplepre
solrquery sethighlightsnippets
solrquery sethighlightusephrasehighlighter
solrquery setmlt
solrquery setmltboost
solrquery setmltcount
solrquery setmltmaxnumqueryterms
solrquery setmltmaxnumtokens
solrquery setmltmaxwordlength
solrquery setmltmindocfrequency
solrquery setmltmintermfrequency
solrquery setmltminwordlength
solrquery setomitheader
solrquery setquery
solrquery setrows
solrquery setshowdebuginfo
solrquery setstart
solrquery setstats
solrquery setterms
solrquery settermsfield
solrquery settermsincludelowerbound
solrquery settermsincludeupperbound
solrquery settermslimit
solrquery settermslowerbound
solrquery settermsmaxcount
solrquery settermsmincount
solrquery settermsprefix
solrquery settermsreturnraw
solrquery settermssort
solrquery settermsupperbound
solrquery settimeallowed
solrqueryresponse construct
solrqueryresponse destruct
solrresponse getdigestedresponse
solrresponse gethttpstatus
solrresponse gethttpstatusmessage
solrresponse getrawrequest
solrresponse getrawrequestheaders
solrresponse getrawresponse
solrresponse getrawresponseheaders
solrresponse getrequesturl
solrresponse getresponse
solrresponse setparsemode
solrresponse success
solrserverexception getinternalinfo
solrupdateresponse construct
solrupdateresponse destruct
solrutils digestxmlresponse
solrutils escapequerychars
solrutils getsolrversion
solrutils queryphrase
sphinx configuration
sphinx constants
sphinx examples
sphinx installation
sphinx requirements
sphinx resources
sphinx setup
sphinxclient addquery
sphinxclient buildexcerpts
sphinxclient buildkeywords
sphinxclient close
sphinxclient construct
sphinxclient escapestring
sphinxclient getlasterror
sphinxclient getlastwarning
sphinxclient open
sphinxclient query
sphinxclient resetfilters
sphinxclient resetgroupby
sphinxclient runqueries
sphinxclient setarrayresult
sphinxclient setconnecttimeout
sphinxclient setfieldweights
sphinxclient setfilter
sphinxclient setfilterfloatrange
sphinxclient setfilterrange
sphinxclient setgeoanchor
sphinxclient setgroupby
sphinxclient setgroupdistinct
sphinxclient setidrange
sphinxclient setindexweights
sphinxclient setlimits
sphinxclient setmatchmode
sphinxclient setmaxquerytime
sphinxclient setoverride
sphinxclient setrankingmode
sphinxclient setretries
sphinxclient setselect
sphinxclient setserver
sphinxclient setsortmode
sphinxclient status
sphinxclient updateattributes
spl_types configuration
spl_types installation
spl_types requirements
spl_types resources
spl_types setup
spl configuration
spl constants
spl datastructures
spl exceptions
spl files
spl installation
spl interfaces
spl iterators
spl misc
spl requirements
spl resources
spl setup
spldoublylinkedlist add
spldoublylinkedlist bottom
spldoublylinkedlist construct
spldoublylinkedlist count
spldoublylinkedlist current
spldoublylinkedlist getiteratormode
spldoublylinkedlist isempty
spldoublylinkedlist key
spldoublylinkedlist next
spldoublylinkedlist offsetexists
spldoublylinkedlist offsetget
spldoublylinkedlist offsetset
spldoublylinkedlist offsetunset
spldoublylinkedlist pop
spldoublylinkedlist prev
spldoublylinkedlist push
spldoublylinkedlist rewind
spldoublylinkedlist serialize
spldoublylinkedlist setiteratormode
spldoublylinkedlist shift
spldoublylinkedlist top
spldoublylinkedlist unserialize
spldoublylinkedlist unshift
spldoublylinkedlist valid
splenum getconstlist
splfileinfo construct
splfileinfo getatime
splfileinfo getbasename
splfileinfo getctime
splfileinfo getextension
splfileinfo getfileinfo
splfileinfo getfilename
splfileinfo getgroup
splfileinfo getinode
splfileinfo getlinktarget
splfileinfo getmtime
splfileinfo getowner
splfileinfo getpath
splfileinfo getpathinfo
splfileinfo getpathname
splfileinfo getperms
splfileinfo getrealpath
splfileinfo getsize
splfileinfo gettype
splfileinfo isdir
splfileinfo isexecutable
splfileinfo isfile
splfileinfo islink
splfileinfo isreadable
splfileinfo iswritable
splfileinfo openfile
splfileinfo setfileclass
splfileinfo setinfoclass
splfileinfo tostring
splfileobject construct
splfileobject current
splfileobject eof
splfileobject fflush
splfileobject fgetc
splfileobject fgetcsv
splfileobject fgets
splfileobject fgetss
splfileobject flock
splfileobject fpassthru
splfileobject fputcsv
splfileobject fread
splfileobject fscanf
splfileobject fseek
splfileobject fstat
splfileobject ftell
splfileobject ftruncate
splfileobject fwrite
splfileobject getchildren
splfileobject getcsvcontrol
splfileobject getcurrentline
splfileobject getflags
splfileobject getmaxlinelen
splfileobject haschildren
splfileobject key
splfileobject next
splfileobject rewind
splfileobject seek
splfileobject setcsvcontrol
splfileobject setflags
splfileobject setmaxlinelen
splfileobject tostring
splfileobject valid
splfixedarray construct
splfixedarray count
splfixedarray current
splfixedarray fromarray
splfixedarray getsize
splfixedarray key
splfixedarray next
splfixedarray offsetexists
splfixedarray offsetget
splfixedarray offsetset
splfixedarray offsetunset
splfixedarray rewind
splfixedarray setsize
splfixedarray toarray
splfixedarray valid
splfixedarray wakeup
splheap compare
splheap construct
splheap count
splheap current
splheap extract
splheap insert
splheap iscorrupted
splheap isempty
splheap key
splheap next
splheap recoverfromcorruption
splheap rewind
splheap top
splheap valid
splmaxheap compare
splminheap compare
splobjectstorage addall
splobjectstorage attach
splobjectstorage contains
splobjectstorage count
splobjectstorage current
splobjectstorage detach
splobjectstorage gethash
splobjectstorage getinfo
splobjectstorage key
splobjectstorage next
splobjectstorage offsetexists
splobjectstorage offsetget
splobjectstorage offsetset
splobjectstorage offsetunset
splobjectstorage removeall
splobjectstorage removeallexcept
splobjectstorage rewind
splobjectstorage serialize
splobjectstorage setinfo
splobjectstorage unserialize
splobjectstorage valid
splobserver update
splpriorityqueue compare
splpriorityqueue construct
splpriorityqueue count
splpriorityqueue current
splpriorityqueue extract
splpriorityqueue getextractflags
splpriorityqueue insert
splpriorityqueue iscorrupted
splpriorityqueue isempty
splpriorityqueue key
splpriorityqueue next
splpriorityqueue recoverfromcorruption
splpriorityqueue rewind
splpriorityqueue setextractflags
splpriorityqueue top
splpriorityqueue valid
splqueue construct
splqueue dequeue
splqueue enqueue
splqueue setiteratormode
splstack construct
splstack setiteratormode
splsubject attach
splsubject detach
splsubject notify
spltempfileobject construct
spltype construct
spoofchecker areconfusable
spoofchecker construct
spoofchecker issuspicious
spoofchecker setallowedlocales
spoofchecker setchecks
sqlite configuration
sqlite constants
sqlite installation
sqlite requirements
sqlite resources
sqlite setup
sqlite3 busytimeout
sqlite3 changes
sqlite3 close
sqlite3 configuration
sqlite3 constants
sqlite3 construct
sqlite3 createaggregate
sqlite3 createcollation
sqlite3 createfunction
sqlite3 enableexceptions
sqlite3 escapestring
sqlite3 exec
sqlite3 installation
sqlite3 lasterrorcode
sqlite3 lasterrormsg
sqlite3 lastinsertrowid
sqlite3 loadextension
sqlite3 open
sqlite3 openblob
sqlite3 prepare
sqlite3 query
sqlite3 querysingle
sqlite3 requirements
sqlite3 resources
sqlite3 setup
sqlite3 version
sqlite3result columnname
sqlite3result columntype
sqlite3result fetcharray
sqlite3result finalize
sqlite3result numcolumns
sqlite3result reset
sqlite3stmt bindparam
sqlite3stmt bindvalue
sqlite3stmt clear
sqlite3stmt close
sqlite3stmt execute
sqlite3stmt paramcount
sqlite3stmt readonly
sqlite3stmt reset
sqlsrv configuration
sqlsrv constants
sqlsrv installation
sqlsrv requirements
sqlsrv resources
sqlsrv setup
ssdeep configuration
ssdeep constants
ssdeep installation
ssdeep requirements
ssdeep resources
ssdeep setup
ssh2 configuration
ssh2 constants
ssh2 installation
ssh2 requirements
ssh2 resources
ssh2 setup
stats configuration
stats constants
stats installation
stats requirements
stats resources
stats setup
stomp abort
stomp ack
stomp begin
stomp commit
stomp configuration
stomp construct
stomp destruct
stomp error
stomp examples
stomp getdetails
stomp getreadtimeout
stomp getsessionid
stomp hasframe
stomp installation
stomp readframe
stomp requirements
stomp resources
stomp send
stomp setreadtimeout
stomp setup
stomp subscribe
stomp unsubscribe
stompframe construct
stream configuration
stream constants
stream contexts
stream errors
stream examples
stream filters
stream installation
stream requirements
stream resources
stream setup
stream streamwrapper example_1
streamwrapper construct
streamwrapper destruct
streamwrapper dir_closedir
streamwrapper dir_opendir
streamwrapper dir_readdir
streamwrapper dir_rewinddir
streamwrapper mkdir
streamwrapper rename
streamwrapper rmdir
streamwrapper stream_cast
streamwrapper stream_close
streamwrapper stream_eof
streamwrapper stream_flush
streamwrapper stream_lock
streamwrapper stream_metadata
streamwrapper stream_open
streamwrapper stream_read
streamwrapper stream_seek
streamwrapper stream_set_option
streamwrapper stream_stat
streamwrapper stream_tell
streamwrapper stream_truncate
streamwrapper stream_write
streamwrapper unlink
streamwrapper url_stat
string constants
strings configuration
strings installation
strings requirements
strings resources
strings setup
svm configuration
svm construct
svm crossvalidate
svm examples
svm getoptions
svm installation
svm requirements
svm resources
svm setoptions
svm setup
svm train
svmmodel checkprobabilitymodel
svmmodel construct
svmmodel getlabels
svmmodel getnrclass
svmmodel getsvmtype
svmmodel getsvrprobability
svmmodel load
svmmodel predict_probability
svmmodel predict
svmmodel save
svn configuration
svn constants
svn installation
svn requirements
svn resources
svn setup
swfaction construct
swfbitmap construct
swfbitmap getheight
swfbitmap getwidth
swfbutton addaction
swfbutton addasound
swfbutton addshape
swfbutton construct
swfbutton setaction
swfbutton setdown
swfbutton sethit
swfbutton setmenu
swfbutton setover
swfbutton setup
swfdisplayitem addaction
swfdisplayitem addcolor
swfdisplayitem endmask
swfdisplayitem getrot
swfdisplayitem getx
swfdisplayitem getxscale
swfdisplayitem getxskew
swfdisplayitem gety
swfdisplayitem getyscale
swfdisplayitem getyskew
swfdisplayitem move
swfdisplayitem moveto
swfdisplayitem multcolor
swfdisplayitem remove
swfdisplayitem rotate
swfdisplayitem rotateto
swfdisplayitem scale
swfdisplayitem scaleto
swfdisplayitem setdepth
swfdisplayitem setmasklevel
swfdisplayitem setmatrix
swfdisplayitem setname
swfdisplayitem setratio
swfdisplayitem skewx
swfdisplayitem skewxto
swfdisplayitem skewy
swfdisplayitem skewyto
swffill moveto
swffill rotateto
swffill scaleto
swffill skewxto
swffill skewyto
swffont construct
swffont getascent
swffont getdescent
swffont getleading
swffont getshape
swffont getutf8width
swffont getwidth
swffontchar addchars
swffontchar addutf8chars
swfgradient addentry
swfgradient construct
swfmorph construct
swfmorph getshape1
swfmorph getshape2
swfmovie add
swfmovie addexport
swfmovie addfont
swfmovie construct
swfmovie importchar
swfmovie importfont
swfmovie labelframe
swfmovie nextframe
swfmovie output
swfmovie remove
swfmovie save
swfmovie savetofile
swfmovie setbackground
swfmovie setdimension
swfmovie setframes
swfmovie setrate
swfmovie startsound
swfmovie stopsound
swfmovie streammp3
swfmovie writeexports
swfprebuiltclip construct
swfshape addfill
swfshape construct
swfshape drawarc
swfshape drawcircle
swfshape drawcubic
swfshape drawcubicto
swfshape drawcurve
swfshape drawcurveto
swfshape drawglyph
swfshape drawline
swfshape drawlineto
swfshape movepen
swfshape movepento
swfshape setleftfill
swfshape setline
swfshape setrightfill
swfsound construct
swfsoundinstance loopcount
swfsoundinstance loopinpoint
swfsoundinstance loopoutpoint
swfsoundinstance nomultiple
swfsprite add
swfsprite construct
swfsprite labelframe
swfsprite nextframe
swfsprite remove
swfsprite setframes
swfsprite startsound
swfsprite stopsound
swftext addstring
swftext addutf8string
swftext construct
swftext getascent
swftext getdescent
swftext getleading
swftext getutf8width
swftext getwidth
swftext moveto
swftext setcolor
swftext setfont
swftext setheight
swftext setspacing
swftextfield addchars
swftextfield addstring
swftextfield align
swftextfield construct
swftextfield setbounds
swftextfield setcolor
swftextfield setfont
swftextfield setheight
swftextfield setindentation
swftextfield setleftmargin
swftextfield setlinespacing
swftextfield setmargins
swftextfield setname
swftextfield setpadding
swftextfield setrightmargin
swfvideostream construct
swfvideostream getnumframes
swfvideostream setdimension
swish configuration
swish constants
swish construct
swish examples_basic
swish examples
swish getmetalist
swish getpropertylist
swish installation
swish prepare
swish query
swish requirements
swish resources
swish setup
swishresult getmetalist
swishresult stem
swishresults getparsedwords
swishresults getremovedstopwords
swishresults nextresult
swishresults seekresult
swishsearch execute
swishsearch resetlimit
swishsearch setlimit
swishsearch setphrasedelimiter
swishsearch setsort
swishsearch setstructure
swoole_async dnslookup
swoole_async read
swoole_async readfile
swoole_async set
swoole_async write
swoole_async writefile
swoole_atomic add
swoole_atomic cmpset
swoole_atomic construct
swoole_atomic get
swoole_atomic set
swoole_atomic sub
swoole_buffer append
swoole_buffer clear
swoole_buffer construct
swoole_buffer destruct
swoole_buffer expand
swoole_buffer read
swoole_buffer recycle
swoole_buffer substr
swoole_buffer tostring
swoole_buffer write
swoole_channel construct
swoole_channel destruct
swoole_channel pop
swoole_channel push
swoole_channel stats
swoole_client close
swoole_client connect
swoole_client construct
swoole_client destruct
swoole_client getpeername
swoole_client getsockname
swoole_client isconnected
swoole_client on
swoole_client pause
swoole_client pipe
swoole_client recv
swoole_client resume
swoole_client send
swoole_client sendfile
swoole_client sendto
swoole_client set
swoole_client sleep
swoole_client wakeup
swoole_connection_iterator count
swoole_connection_iterator current
swoole_connection_iterator key
swoole_connection_iterator next
swoole_connection_iterator offsetexists
swoole_connection_iterator offsetget
swoole_connection_iterator offsetset
swoole_connection_iterator offsetunset
swoole_connection_iterator rewind
swoole_connection_iterator valid
swoole_coroutine_client close
swoole_coroutine_client connect
swoole_coroutine_client construct
swoole_coroutine_client destruct
swoole_coroutine_client getpeername
swoole_coroutine_client getsockname
swoole_coroutine_client isconnected
swoole_coroutine_client recv
swoole_coroutine_client send
swoole_coroutine_client sendfile
swoole_coroutine_client sendto
swoole_coroutine_client set
swoole_coroutine_http_client addfile
swoole_coroutine_http_client close
swoole_coroutine_http_client construct
swoole_coroutine_http_client destruct
swoole_coroutine_http_client execute
swoole_coroutine_http_client get
swoole_coroutine_http_client getdefer
swoole_coroutine_http_client isconnected
swoole_coroutine_http_client post
swoole_coroutine_http_client recv
swoole_coroutine_http_client set
swoole_coroutine_http_client setcookies
swoole_coroutine_http_client setdata
swoole_coroutine_http_client setdefer
swoole_coroutine_http_client setheaders
swoole_coroutine_http_client setmethod
swoole_coroutine_mysql close
swoole_coroutine_mysql connect
swoole_coroutine_mysql construct
swoole_coroutine_mysql destruct
swoole_coroutine_mysql getdefer
swoole_coroutine_mysql query
swoole_coroutine_mysql recv
swoole_coroutine_mysql setdefer
swoole_coroutine call_user_func_array
swoole_coroutine call_user_func
swoole_coroutine cli_wait
swoole_coroutine create
swoole_coroutine getuid
swoole_coroutine resume
swoole_coroutine suspend
swoole_event add
swoole_event defer
swoole_event del
swoole_event exit
swoole_event set
swoole_event wait
swoole_event write
swoole_http_client addfile
swoole_http_client close
swoole_http_client construct
swoole_http_client destruct
swoole_http_client download
swoole_http_client execute
swoole_http_client get
swoole_http_client isconnected
swoole_http_client on
swoole_http_client post
swoole_http_client push
swoole_http_client set
swoole_http_client setcookies
swoole_http_client setdata
swoole_http_client setheaders
swoole_http_client setmethod
swoole_http_client upgrade
swoole_http_request destruct
swoole_http_request rawcontent
swoole_http_response cookie
swoole_http_response destruct
swoole_http_response end
swoole_http_response gzip
swoole_http_response header
swoole_http_response initheader
swoole_http_response rawcookie
swoole_http_response sendfile
swoole_http_response status
swoole_http_response write
swoole_http_server on
swoole_http_server start
swoole_lock construct
swoole_lock destruct
swoole_lock lock_read
swoole_lock lock
swoole_lock trylock_read
swoole_lock trylock
swoole_lock unlock
swoole_mmap open
swoole_mysql close
swoole_mysql connect
swoole_mysql construct
swoole_mysql destruct
swoole_mysql getbuffer
swoole_mysql on
swoole_mysql query
swoole_process alarm
swoole_process close
swoole_process construct
swoole_process daemon
swoole_process destruct
swoole_process exec
swoole_process exit
swoole_process freequeue
swoole_process kill
swoole_process name
swoole_process pop
swoole_process push
swoole_process read
swoole_process signal
swoole_process start
swoole_process statqueue
swoole_process usequeue
swoole_process wait
swoole_process write
swoole_redis_server format
swoole_redis_server sethandler
swoole_redis_server start
swoole_serialize pack
swoole_serialize unpack
swoole_server_port construct
swoole_server_port destruct
swoole_server_port on
swoole_server_port set
swoole_server addlistener
swoole_server addprocess
swoole_server after
swoole_server bind
swoole_server cleartimer
swoole_server close
swoole_server confirm
swoole_server connection_info
swoole_server connection_list
swoole_server construct
swoole_server defer
swoole_server exist
swoole_server finish
swoole_server getclientinfo
swoole_server getclientlist
swoole_server getlasterror
swoole_server heartbeat
swoole_server listen
swoole_server on
swoole_server pause
swoole_server protect
swoole_server reload
swoole_server resume
swoole_server send
swoole_server sendfile
swoole_server sendmessage
swoole_server sendto
swoole_server sendwait
swoole_server set
swoole_server shutdown
swoole_server start
swoole_server stats
swoole_server stop
swoole_server task
swoole_server taskwait
swoole_server taskwaitmulti
swoole_server tick
swoole_table column
swoole_table construct
swoole_table count
swoole_table create
swoole_table current
swoole_table decr
swoole_table del
swoole_table destroy
swoole_table exist
swoole_table get
swoole_table incr
swoole_table key
swoole_table next
swoole_table rewind
swoole_table set
swoole_table valid
swoole_timer after
swoole_timer clear
swoole_timer exists
swoole_timer tick
swoole_websocket_server exist
swoole_websocket_server on
swoole_websocket_server pack
swoole_websocket_server push
swoole_websocket_server unpack
swoole configuration
swoole constants
swoole installation
swoole requirements
swoole resources
swoole setup
sybase configuration
sybase constants
sybase installation
sybase requirements
sybase resources
sybase setup
sync configuration
sync constants
sync installation
sync requirements
sync resources
sync setup
syncevent construct
syncevent fire
syncevent reset
syncevent wait
syncmutex construct
syncmutex lock
syncmutex unlock
syncreaderwriter construct
syncreaderwriter readlock
syncreaderwriter readunlock
syncreaderwriter writelock
syncreaderwriter writeunlock
syncsemaphore construct
syncsemaphore lock
syncsemaphore unlock
syncsharedmemory construct
syncsharedmemory first
syncsharedmemory read
syncsharedmemory size
syncsharedmemory write
tag getalbum
tag getartist
tag getcomment
tag getgenre
tag gettitle
tag gettrack
tag getyear
tag isempty
taint configuration
taint detail basic
taint detail
taint detail taint
taint detail untaint
taint installation
taint requirements
taint resources
taint setup
tcpwrap configuration
tcpwrap constants
tcpwrap installation
tcpwrap requirements
tcpwrap resources
tcpwrap setup
thread detach
thread getcreatorid
thread getcurrentthread
thread getcurrentthreadid
thread getthreadid
thread globally
thread isjoined
thread isrunning
thread isstarted
thread join
thread kill
thread start
threaded chunk
threaded count
threaded extend
threaded from
threaded getterminationinfo
threaded isterminated
threaded iswaiting
threaded lock
threaded merge
threaded notify
threaded notifyone
threaded pop
threaded run
threaded shift
threaded synchronized
threaded unlock
threaded wait
throwable getcode
throwable getfile
throwable getline
throwable getmessage
throwable getprevious
throwable gettrace
throwable gettraceasstring
throwable tostring
tidy body
tidy cleanrepair
tidy configuration
tidy constants
tidy construct
tidy diagnose
tidy examples basic
tidy examples
tidy getconfig
tidy gethtmlver
tidy getopt
tidy getoptdoc
tidy getrelease
tidy getstatus
tidy head
tidy html
tidy installation
tidy isxhtml
tidy isxml
tidy parsefile
tidy parsestring
tidy props errorbuffer
tidy repairfile
tidy repairstring
tidy requirements
tidy resources
tidy root
tidy setup
tidynode construct
tidynode getparent
tidynode haschildren
tidynode hassiblings
tidynode isasp
tidynode iscomment
tidynode ishtml
tidynode isjste
tidynode isphp
tidynode istext
timezones africa
timezones america
timezones antarctica
timezones arctic
timezones asia
timezones atlantic
timezones australia
timezones europe
timezones
timezones indian
timezones others
timezones pacific
tokenizer configuration
tokenizer constants
tokenizer examples
tokenizer installation
tokenizer requirements
tokenizer resources
tokenizer setup
tokens
tokyo_tyrant configuration
tokyo_tyrant constants
tokyo_tyrant examples
tokyo_tyrant installation
tokyo_tyrant requirements
tokyo_tyrant resources
tokyo_tyrant setup
tokyotyrant add
tokyotyrant connect
tokyotyrant connecturi
tokyotyrant construct
tokyotyrant copy
tokyotyrant ext
tokyotyrant fwmkeys
tokyotyrant get
tokyotyrant getiterator
tokyotyrant num
tokyotyrant out
tokyotyrant put
tokyotyrant putcat
tokyotyrant putkeep
tokyotyrant putnr
tokyotyrant putshl
tokyotyrant restore
tokyotyrant setmaster
tokyotyrant size
tokyotyrant stat
tokyotyrant sync
tokyotyrant tune
tokyotyrant vanish
tokyotyrantiterator construct
tokyotyrantiterator current
tokyotyrantiterator key
tokyotyrantiterator next
tokyotyrantiterator rewind
tokyotyrantiterator valid
tokyotyrantquery addcond
tokyotyrantquery construct
tokyotyrantquery count
tokyotyrantquery current
tokyotyrantquery hint
tokyotyrantquery key
tokyotyrantquery metasearch
tokyotyrantquery next
tokyotyrantquery out
tokyotyrantquery rewind
tokyotyrantquery search
tokyotyrantquery setlimit
tokyotyrantquery setorder
tokyotyrantquery valid
tokyotyranttable add
tokyotyranttable genuid
tokyotyranttable get
tokyotyranttable getiterator
tokyotyranttable getquery
tokyotyranttable out
tokyotyranttable put
tokyotyranttable putcat
tokyotyranttable putkeep
tokyotyranttable putnr
tokyotyranttable putshl
tokyotyranttable setindex
trader configuration
trader constants
trader installation
trader requirements
trader setup
transliterator construct
transliterator create
transliterator createfromrules
transliterator createinverse
transliterator geterrorcode
transliterator geterrormessage
transliterator listids
transliterator transliterate
transports
transports inet
transports unix
tutorial firstpage
tutorial forms
tutorial
tutorial oldcode
tutorial requirements
tutorial useful
tutorial whatsnext
types comparisons
uconverter construct
uconverter convert
uconverter fromucallback
uconverter getaliases
uconverter getavailable
uconverter getdestinationencoding
uconverter getdestinationtype
uconverter geterrorcode
uconverter geterrormessage
uconverter getsourceencoding
uconverter getsourcetype
uconverter getstandards
uconverter getsubstchars
uconverter reasontext
uconverter setdestinationencoding
uconverter setsourceencoding
uconverter setsubstchars
uconverter toucallback
uconverter transcode
ui_area ondraw
ui_area onkey
ui_area onmouse
ui_area redraw
ui_area scrollto
ui_area setsize
ui_control destroy
ui_control disable
ui_control enable
ui_control getparent
ui_control gettoplevel
ui_control hide
ui_control isenabled
ui_control isvisible
ui_control setparent
ui_control show
ui_controls_box append
ui_controls_box construct
ui_controls_box delete
ui_controls_box getorientation
ui_controls_box ispadded
ui_controls_box setpadded
ui_controls_button construct
ui_controls_button gettext
ui_controls_button onclick
ui_controls_button settext
ui_controls_check construct
ui_controls_check gettext
ui_controls_check ischecked
ui_controls_check ontoggle
ui_controls_check setchecked
ui_controls_check settext
ui_controls_colorbutton getcolor
ui_controls_colorbutton onchange
ui_controls_colorbutton setcolor
ui_controls_combo append
ui_controls_combo getselected
ui_controls_combo onselected
ui_controls_combo setselected
ui_controls_editablecombo append
ui_controls_editablecombo gettext
ui_controls_editablecombo onchange
ui_controls_editablecombo settext
ui_controls_entry construct
ui_controls_entry gettext
ui_controls_entry isreadonly
ui_controls_entry onchange
ui_controls_entry setreadonly
ui_controls_entry settext
ui_controls_form append
ui_controls_form delete
ui_controls_form ispadded
ui_controls_form setpadded
ui_controls_grid append
ui_controls_grid ispadded
ui_controls_grid setpadded
ui_controls_group append
ui_controls_group construct
ui_controls_group gettitle
ui_controls_group hasmargin
ui_controls_group setmargin
ui_controls_group settitle
ui_controls_label construct
ui_controls_label gettext
ui_controls_label settext
ui_controls_multilineentry append
ui_controls_multilineentry construct
ui_controls_multilineentry gettext
ui_controls_multilineentry isreadonly
ui_controls_multilineentry onchange
ui_controls_multilineentry setreadonly
ui_controls_multilineentry settext
ui_controls_picker construct
ui_controls_progress getvalue
ui_controls_progress setvalue
ui_controls_radio append
ui_controls_radio getselected
ui_controls_radio onselected
ui_controls_radio setselected
ui_controls_separator construct
ui_controls_slider construct
ui_controls_slider getvalue
ui_controls_slider onchange
ui_controls_slider setvalue
ui_controls_spin construct
ui_controls_spin getvalue
ui_controls_spin onchange
ui_controls_spin setvalue
ui_controls_tab append
ui_controls_tab delete
ui_controls_tab hasmargin
ui_controls_tab insertat
ui_controls_tab pages
ui_controls_tab setmargin
ui_draw_brush_gradient addstop
ui_draw_brush_gradient delstop
ui_draw_brush_gradient setstop
ui_draw_brush_lineargradient construct
ui_draw_brush_radialgradient construct
ui_draw_brush construct
ui_draw_brush getcolor
ui_draw_brush setcolor
ui_draw_color construct
ui_draw_color getchannel
ui_draw_color setchannel
ui_draw_matrix invert
ui_draw_matrix isinvertible
ui_draw_matrix multiply
ui_draw_matrix rotate
ui_draw_matrix scale
ui_draw_matrix skew
ui_draw_matrix translate
ui_draw_path addrectangle
ui_draw_path arcto
ui_draw_path bezierto
ui_draw_path closefigure
ui_draw_path construct
ui_draw_path end
ui_draw_path lineto
ui_draw_path newfigure
ui_draw_path newfigurewitharc
ui_draw_pen clip
ui_draw_pen fill
ui_draw_pen restore
ui_draw_pen save
ui_draw_pen stroke
ui_draw_pen transform
ui_draw_pen write
ui_draw_stroke construct
ui_draw_stroke getcap
ui_draw_stroke getjoin
ui_draw_stroke getmiterlimit
ui_draw_stroke getthickness
ui_draw_stroke setcap
ui_draw_stroke setjoin
ui_draw_stroke setmiterlimit
ui_draw_stroke setthickness
ui_draw_text_font_descriptor construct
ui_draw_text_font_descriptor getfamily
ui_draw_text_font_descriptor getitalic
ui_draw_text_font_descriptor getsize
ui_draw_text_font_descriptor getstretch
ui_draw_text_font_descriptor getweight
ui_draw_text_font construct
ui_draw_text_font getascent
ui_draw_text_font getdescent
ui_draw_text_font getleading
ui_draw_text_font getunderlineposition
ui_draw_text_font getunderlinethickness
ui_draw_text_layout construct
ui_draw_text_layout setcolor
ui_draw_text_layout setwidth
ui_executor construct
ui_executor kill
ui_executor onexecute
ui_executor setinterval
ui_menu append
ui_menu appendabout
ui_menu appendcheck
ui_menu appendpreferences
ui_menu appendquit
ui_menu appendseparator
ui_menu construct
ui_menuitem disable
ui_menuitem enable
ui_menuitem ischecked
ui_menuitem onclick
ui_menuitem setchecked
ui_point at
ui_point construct
ui_point getx
ui_point gety
ui_point setx
ui_point sety
ui_size construct
ui_size getheight
ui_size getwidth
ui_size of
ui_size setheight
ui_size setwidth
ui_window add
ui_window construct
ui_window error
ui_window getsize
ui_window gettitle
ui_window hasborders
ui_window hasmargin
ui_window isfullscreen
ui_window msg
ui_window onclosing
ui_window open
ui_window save
ui_window setborders
ui_window setfullscreen
ui_window setmargin
ui_window setsize
ui_window settitle
ui installation
ui requirements
ui setup
uodbc constants
uodbc requirements
uodbc resources
uodbc setup
uopz configuration
uopz constants
uopz installation
uopz requirements
uopz resources
uopz setup
url configuration
url constants
url installation
url requirements
url resources
url setup
userlandnaming globalnamespace
userlandnaming
userlandnaming rules
userlandnaming tips
v8js configuration
v8js construct
v8js examples
v8js executestring
v8js getextensions
v8js getpendingexception
v8js installation
v8js registerextension
v8js requirements
v8js resources
v8js setup
v8jsexception getjsfilename
v8jsexception getjslinenumber
v8jsexception getjssourceline
v8jsexception getjstrace
var configuration
var constants
var installation
var requirements
var resources
var setup
varnish configuration
varnish constants
varnish example admin
varnish example log
varnish example stat
varnish examples
varnish installation
varnish requirements
varnish resources
varnish setup
varnishadmin auth
varnishadmin ban
varnishadmin banurl
varnishadmin clearpanic
varnishadmin connect
varnishadmin construct
varnishadmin disconnect
varnishadmin getpanic
varnishadmin getparams
varnishadmin isrunning
varnishadmin setcompat
varnishadmin sethost
varnishadmin setident
varnishadmin setparam
varnishadmin setport
varnishadmin setsecret
varnishadmin settimeout
varnishadmin start
varnishadmin stop
varnishlog construct
varnishlog getline
varnishlog gettagname
varnishstat construct
varnishstat getsnapshot
vpopmail configuration
vpopmail constants
vpopmail installation
vpopmail requirements
vpopmail resources
vpopmail setup
vtiful_kernel_excel addSheet
vtiful_kernel_excel autoFilter
vtiful_kernel_excel constMemory
vtiful_kernel_excel construct
vtiful_kernel_excel data
vtiful_kernel_excel filename
vtiful_kernel_excel getHandle
vtiful_kernel_excel header
vtiful_kernel_excel insertFormula
vtiful_kernel_excel insertImage
vtiful_kernel_excel insertText
vtiful_kernel_excel mergeCells
vtiful_kernel_excel output
vtiful_kernel_excel setColumn
vtiful_kernel_excel setRow
vtiful_kernel_format align
vtiful_kernel_format bold
vtiful_kernel_format italic
vtiful_kernel_format underline
wddx configuration
wddx constants
wddx examples_serialize
wddx examples
wddx installation
wddx requirements
wddx resources
wddx setup
weakmap construct
weakmap count
weakmap current
weakmap key
weakmap next
weakmap offsetexists
weakmap offsetget
weakmap offsetset
weakmap offsetunset
weakmap rewind
weakmap valid
weakref acquire
weakref construct
weakref get
weakref installation
weakref release
weakref requirements
weakref resources
weakref setup
weakref valid
win32ps configuration
win32ps constants
win32ps examples_process
win32ps examples
win32ps installation
win32ps requirements
win32ps resources
win32ps setup
win32service configuration
win32service constants basepriorities
win32service constants controlsaccepted
win32service constants errorcontrol
win32service constants errors
win32service constants
win32service constants servicecontrol
win32service constants serviceflag
win32service constants servicestarttype
win32service constants servicestatus
win32service constants servicetype
win32service examples
win32service installation
win32service requirements
win32service resources
win32service setup
wincache configuration
wincache constants
wincache installation
wincache requirements
wincache reroutes
wincache resources
wincache sessionhandler
wincache setup
wincache stats
wincache win32build building
wincache win32build
wincache win32build prereq
wincache win32build verify
wkhtmltox_image_converter construct
wkhtmltox_image_converter convert
wkhtmltox_image_converter getversion
wkhtmltox_pdf_converter add
wkhtmltox_pdf_converter construct
wkhtmltox_pdf_converter convert
wkhtmltox_pdf_converter getversion
wkhtmltox_pdf_object construct
wkhtmltox configuration
wkhtmltox installation
wkhtmltox requirements
wkhtmltox setup
worker collect
worker getstacked
worker isshutdown
worker isworking
worker shutdown
worker stack
worker unstack
wrappers audio
wrappers compression
wrappers data
wrappers expect
wrappers file
wrappers ftp
wrappers glob
wrappers
wrappers http
wrappers phar
wrappers php
wrappers rar
wrappers ssh2
xattr configuration
xattr constants
xattr installation
xattr requirements
xattr resources
xattr setup
xdiff configuration
xdiff constants
xdiff installation
xdiff requirements
xdiff resources
xdiff setup
xhprof configuration
xhprof constants
xhprof examples
xhprof installation
xhprof requirements
xhprof resources
xhprof setup
xlswriter constants
xlswriter installation
xlswriter requirements
xlswriter resources
xlswriter setup
xml case_folding
xml configuration
xml constants
xml encoding
xml error_codes
xml eventhandlers
xml examples
xml installation
xml requirements
xml resources
xml setup
xmldiff_base construct
xmldiff_base diff
xmldiff_base merge
xmldiff_dom diff
xmldiff_dom merge
xmldiff_file diff
xmldiff_file merge
xmldiff_memory diff
xmldiff_memory merge
xmldiff installation
xmldiff requirements
xmldiff setup
xmlreader close
xmlreader configuration
xmlreader expand
xmlreader getattribute
xmlreader getattributeno
xmlreader getattributens
xmlreader getparserproperty
xmlreader installation
xmlreader isvalid
xmlreader lookupnamespace
xmlreader movetoattribute
xmlreader movetoattributeno
xmlreader movetoattributens
xmlreader movetoelement
xmlreader movetofirstattribute
xmlreader movetonextattribute
xmlreader next
xmlreader open
xmlreader read
xmlreader readinnerxml
xmlreader readouterxml
xmlreader readstring
xmlreader requirements
xmlreader resources
xmlreader setparserproperty
xmlreader setrelaxngschema
xmlreader setrelaxngschemasource
xmlreader setschema
xmlreader setup
xmlreader xml
xmlrpc configuration
xmlrpc constants
xmlrpc installation
xmlrpc requirements
xmlrpc resources
xmlrpc setup
xmlwriter configuration
xmlwriter constants
xmlwriter examples
xmlwriter installation
xmlwriter requirements
xmlwriter resources
xmlwriter setup
xsl configuration
xsl constants
xsl examples_collection
xsl examples_errors
xsl examples
xsl installation
xsl requirements
xsl resources
xsl setup
xsltprocessor construct
xsltprocessor getparameter
xsltprocessor getsecurityprefs
xsltprocessor hasexsltsupport
xsltprocessor importstylesheet
xsltprocessor registerphpfunctions
xsltprocessor removeparameter
xsltprocessor setparameter
xsltprocessor setprofiling
xsltprocessor setsecurityprefs
xsltprocessor transformtodoc
xsltprocessor transformtouri
xsltprocessor transformtoxml
yaconf configuration
yaconf constants
yaconf get
yaconf has
yaconf installation
yaconf requirements
yaconf resources
yaconf setup
yaf_action_abstract execute
yaf_action_abstract getcontroller
yaf_application app
yaf_application bootstrap
yaf_application clearlasterror
yaf_application clone
yaf_application construct
yaf_application destruct
yaf_application environ
yaf_application execute
yaf_application getappdirectory
yaf_application getconfig
yaf_application getdispatcher
yaf_application getlasterrormsg
yaf_application getlasterrorno
yaf_application getmodules
yaf_application run
yaf_application setappdirectory
yaf_application sleep
yaf_application wakeup
yaf_config_abstract get
yaf_config_abstract readonly
yaf_config_abstract set
yaf_config_abstract toarray
yaf_config_ini construct
yaf_config_ini count
yaf_config_ini current
yaf_config_ini get
yaf_config_ini isset
yaf_config_ini key
yaf_config_ini next
yaf_config_ini offsetexists
yaf_config_ini offsetget
yaf_config_ini offsetset
yaf_config_ini offsetunset
yaf_config_ini readonly
yaf_config_ini rewind
yaf_config_ini set
yaf_config_ini toarray
yaf_config_ini valid
yaf_config_simple construct
yaf_config_simple count
yaf_config_simple current
yaf_config_simple get
yaf_config_simple isset
yaf_config_simple key
yaf_config_simple next
yaf_config_simple offsetexists
yaf_config_simple offsetget
yaf_config_simple offsetset
yaf_config_simple offsetunset
yaf_config_simple readonly
yaf_config_simple rewind
yaf_config_simple set
yaf_config_simple toarray
yaf_config_simple valid
yaf_controller_abstract clone
yaf_controller_abstract construct
yaf_controller_abstract display
yaf_controller_abstract forward
yaf_controller_abstract getinvokearg
yaf_controller_abstract getinvokeargs
yaf_controller_abstract getmodulename
yaf_controller_abstract getrequest
yaf_controller_abstract getresponse
yaf_controller_abstract getview
yaf_controller_abstract getviewpath
yaf_controller_abstract init
yaf_controller_abstract initview
yaf_controller_abstract redirect
yaf_controller_abstract render
yaf_controller_abstract setviewpath
yaf_dispatcher autorender
yaf_dispatcher catchexception
yaf_dispatcher clone
yaf_dispatcher construct
yaf_dispatcher disableview
yaf_dispatcher dispatch
yaf_dispatcher enableview
yaf_dispatcher flushinstantly
yaf_dispatcher getapplication
yaf_dispatcher getinstance
yaf_dispatcher getrequest
yaf_dispatcher getrouter
yaf_dispatcher initview
yaf_dispatcher registerplugin
yaf_dispatcher returnresponse
yaf_dispatcher setdefaultaction
yaf_dispatcher setdefaultcontroller
yaf_dispatcher setdefaultmodule
yaf_dispatcher seterrorhandler
yaf_dispatcher setrequest
yaf_dispatcher setview
yaf_dispatcher sleep
yaf_dispatcher throwexception
yaf_dispatcher wakeup
yaf_exception construct
yaf_exception getprevious
yaf_loader autoload
yaf_loader clearlocalnamespace
yaf_loader clone
yaf_loader construct
yaf_loader getinstance
yaf_loader getlibrarypath
yaf_loader getlocalnamespace
yaf_loader import
yaf_loader islocalname
yaf_loader registerlocalnamespace
yaf_loader setlibrarypath
yaf_loader sleep
yaf_loader wakeup
yaf_plugin_abstract dispatchloopshutdown
yaf_plugin_abstract dispatchloopstartup
yaf_plugin_abstract postdispatch
yaf_plugin_abstract predispatch
yaf_plugin_abstract preresponse
yaf_plugin_abstract routershutdown
yaf_plugin_abstract routerstartup
yaf_registry clone
yaf_registry construct
yaf_registry del
yaf_registry get
yaf_registry has
yaf_registry set
yaf_request_abstract getactionname
yaf_request_abstract getbaseuri
yaf_request_abstract getcontrollername
yaf_request_abstract getenv
yaf_request_abstract getexception
yaf_request_abstract getlanguage
yaf_request_abstract getmethod
yaf_request_abstract getmodulename
yaf_request_abstract getparam
yaf_request_abstract getparams
yaf_request_abstract getrequesturi
yaf_request_abstract getserver
yaf_request_abstract iscli
yaf_request_abstract isdispatched
yaf_request_abstract isget
yaf_request_abstract ishead
yaf_request_abstract isoptions
yaf_request_abstract ispost
yaf_request_abstract isput
yaf_request_abstract isrouted
yaf_request_abstract isxmlhttprequest
yaf_request_abstract setactionname
yaf_request_abstract setbaseuri
yaf_request_abstract setcontrollername
yaf_request_abstract setdispatched
yaf_request_abstract setmodulename
yaf_request_abstract setparam
yaf_request_abstract setrequesturi
yaf_request_abstract setrouted
yaf_request_http clone
yaf_request_http construct
yaf_request_http get
yaf_request_http getcookie
yaf_request_http getfiles
yaf_request_http getpost
yaf_request_http getquery
yaf_request_http getraw
yaf_request_http getrequest
yaf_request_http isxmlhttprequest
yaf_request_simple clone
yaf_request_simple construct
yaf_request_simple get
yaf_request_simple getcookie
yaf_request_simple getfiles
yaf_request_simple getpost
yaf_request_simple getquery
yaf_request_simple getrequest
yaf_request_simple isxmlhttprequest
yaf_response_abstract appendbody
yaf_response_abstract clearbody
yaf_response_abstract clearheaders
yaf_response_abstract clone
yaf_response_abstract construct
yaf_response_abstract destruct
yaf_response_abstract getbody
yaf_response_abstract getheader
yaf_response_abstract prependbody
yaf_response_abstract response
yaf_response_abstract setallheaders
yaf_response_abstract setbody
yaf_response_abstract setheader
yaf_response_abstract setredirect
yaf_response_abstract tostring
yaf_route_interface assemble
yaf_route_interface route
yaf_route_map assemble
yaf_route_map construct
yaf_route_map route
yaf_route_regex assemble
yaf_route_regex construct
yaf_route_regex route
yaf_route_rewrite assemble
yaf_route_rewrite construct
yaf_route_rewrite route
yaf_route_simple assemble
yaf_route_simple construct
yaf_route_simple route
yaf_route_static assemble
yaf_route_static match
yaf_route_static route
yaf_route_supervar assemble
yaf_route_supervar construct
yaf_route_supervar route
yaf_router addconfig
yaf_router addroute
yaf_router construct
yaf_router getcurrentroute
yaf_router getroute
yaf_router getroutes
yaf_router route
yaf_session clone
yaf_session construct
yaf_session count
yaf_session current
yaf_session del
yaf_session get
yaf_session getinstance
yaf_session has
yaf_session isset
yaf_session key
yaf_session next
yaf_session offsetexists
yaf_session offsetget
yaf_session offsetset
yaf_session offsetunset
yaf_session rewind
yaf_session set
yaf_session sleep
yaf_session start
yaf_session unset
yaf_session valid
yaf_session wakeup
yaf_view_interface assign
yaf_view_interface display
yaf_view_interface getscriptpath
yaf_view_interface render
yaf_view_interface setscriptpath
yaf_view_simple assign
yaf_view_simple assignref
yaf_view_simple clear
yaf_view_simple construct
yaf_view_simple display
yaf_view_simple eval
yaf_view_simple get
yaf_view_simple getscriptpath
yaf_view_simple isset
yaf_view_simple render
yaf_view_simple set
yaf_view_simple setscriptpath
yaf appconfig
yaf configuration
yaf constants
yaf installation
yaf requirements
yaf resources
yaf setup
yaf tutorials
yaml callbacks emit
yaml callbacks
yaml callbacks parse
yaml configuration
yaml constants
yaml examples
yaml installation
yaml requirements
yaml resources
yaml setup
yar_client_exception gettype
yar_client call
yar_client construct
yar_client setopt
yar_concurrent_client call
yar_concurrent_client loop
yar_concurrent_client reset
yar_server_exception gettype
yar_server construct
yar_server handle
yar configuration
yar constants
yar examples
yar installation
yar requirements
yar resources
yar setup
yaz configuration
yaz constants
yaz examples
yaz installation
yaz requirements
yaz resources
yaz setup
zip configuration
zip constants
zip examples
zip installation
zip requirements
zip resources
zip setup
ziparchive addemptydir
ziparchive addfile
ziparchive addfromstring
ziparchive addglob
ziparchive addpattern
ziparchive close
ziparchive count
ziparchive deleteindex
ziparchive deletename
ziparchive extractto
ziparchive getarchivecomment
ziparchive getcommentindex
ziparchive getcommentname
ziparchive getexternalattributesindex
ziparchive getexternalattributesname
ziparchive getfromindex
ziparchive getfromname
ziparchive getnameindex
ziparchive getstatusstring
ziparchive getstream
ziparchive locatename
ziparchive open
ziparchive renameindex
ziparchive renamename
ziparchive setarchivecomment
ziparchive setcommentindex
ziparchive setcommentname
ziparchive setcompressionindex
ziparchive setcompressionname
ziparchive setencryptionindex
ziparchive setencryptionname
ziparchive setexternalattributesindex
ziparchive setexternalattributesname
ziparchive setpassword
ziparchive statindex
ziparchive statname
ziparchive unchangeall
ziparchive unchangearchive
ziparchive unchangeindex
ziparchive unchangename
zlib configuration
zlib constants
zlib examples
zlib installation
zlib requirements
zlib resources
zlib setup
zmq construct
zmq requirements
zmq setup
zmqcontext construct
zmqcontext getopt
zmqcontext getsocket
zmqcontext ispersistent
zmqcontext setopt
zmqdevice construct
zmqdevice getidletimeout
zmqdevice gettimertimeout
zmqdevice run
zmqdevice setidlecallback
zmqdevice setidletimeout
zmqdevice settimercallback
zmqdevice settimertimeout
zmqpoll add
zmqpoll clear
zmqpoll count
zmqpoll getlasterrors
zmqpoll poll
zmqpoll remove
zmqsocket bind
zmqsocket connect
zmqsocket construct
zmqsocket disconnect
zmqsocket getendpoints
zmqsocket getpersistentid
zmqsocket getsockettype
zmqsocket getsockopt
zmqsocket ispersistent
zmqsocket recv
zmqsocket recvmulti
zmqsocket send
zmqsocket sendmulti
zmqsocket setsockopt
zmqsocket unbind
zookeeper addauth
zookeeper close
zookeeper configuration
zookeeper connect
zookeeper constants
zookeeper construct
zookeeper create
zookeeper delete
zookeeper exists
zookeeper get
zookeeper getacl
zookeeper getchildren
zookeeper getclientid
zookeeper getconfig
zookeeper getrecvtimeout
zookeeper getstate
zookeeper installation
zookeeper isrecoverable
zookeeper requirements
zookeeper resources
zookeeper set
zookeeper setacl
zookeeper setdebuglevel
zookeeper setdeterministicconnorder
zookeeper setlogstream
zookeeper setup
zookeeper setwatcher
zookeeperconfig add
zookeeperconfig get
zookeeperconfig remove
zookeeperconfig set
